 , As a reminder this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)  In general be courteous to others. Attack ideas not users. Personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.   If you see comments in violation of our rules please report them.  ***   *I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,I’ll love seeing the Republican response to this one.
 ,> No President Is Above the Law Act which would pause the statute of limitations for any federal offense committed by a sitting president whether it was committed **before or during** the president’s term of office. This legislation would ensure that presidents can be held accountable for criminal conduct just like every other American and not use the presidency to avoid legal consequences.  Hell yes.
 ,Veto incoming.
 ,>"No person can be permitted to evade accountability for their actions just because they happen to be President" said Chairman Nadler. "I have concerns with the Justice Department interpretation that a sitting president cannot be indicted but if that is the policy a president who commits a crime before or during their term in office could exploit this loophole and avoid prosecution just because the statute of limitations has run out.  This is unacceptable.  **The presidency is not a get-out-of-jail-free card."**  Whether the President is a Republican Democrat or otherwise - this is proposal is good for the nation.
 ,Keep the pressure on and keep these coming.  Make the GOP shoot holes in their own morality claims to show them clearly for the asses they are.
 ,We already know that ~~The Grime Reaper~~ McConnell will never let this hit the senate floor. The point is representatives are introducing legislation which is what we voted them in for. I'm glad they're doing something.
 ,One big problem with this bill it just gives legitimacy to the OLC memo saying a sitting president can't be charged anyway.  To believe so means thatVice President Pence could walk into the Residence murder Donald Trump  Now the sitting President he'd be absolutely immune from criminal charges. Should the House impeach him and the Senate prepare a trial to convict and remove him President Pence could simply kidnap the family members of 34 Senators and blackmail them into voting no.  This type of shit will hopefully never ever happen. But under the OLC memo there's nothing preventing it from happening
 ,Needs a good acronym. How about NoPAL?
 ,We are going to ensure presidents can be hold accountable by letting them stay unaccountable during their term. We'll get them with statutes of limitations.....   Jesus.  So what happens if a president makes himself above the law and decides that the only way to stay out of jail is by staying president?
 ,The better law would be to revoke the policy and allow indictment of a sitting president. No criminal should hold the oval period.
 ,I wonder what Mitch will do...
 ,Good thing there's no statute of limitations on tax fraud or non payment violations. SDNY and the NYAG is going to have a field day with this family.
 ,Sounds completely reasonable to me. Should see some bipartisan support for this one. Oh? Never mind then.
 ,The bill is called "PREVENTING EXECUTIVE EXCESS TREATING ALL PEOPLE EQUALLY."   &#x200B;  or... PEETAPE
 ,This would still allow the president to get away with crimes committed for the purpose of attaining the presidency. If Trump eventually goes to jail after his term (not holding my breath) the damage is done.   We need to be able to hold a sitting president accountable now not after.
 ,I don't know those politicians but the fact that it applies to ALL presidents I'll just assume they are dems.
 ,Can't wait for the GOP to call this out as a direct shot at Trump which is effectively admitting to protecting a known criminal.
 ,Listen as much as I disagree with the bulk of you all the time something like this sounds amazing.  &#x200B;  With that said - I haven't read a single bill in the last 5 years that was filled with a bunch of bullshit aimed at political power games.  This is not "The No President Is Above The Law Act" and will become the "The how much shit can we stuff in here so republicans vote no on it so we can use the media against them and make them look bad - Act"  &#x200B;  Future headlines will read (and no doubt be front page in this sub) "Republicans support an authoritarian president" or some bullshit - idk Im not a headline writer.
 ,IANAL but I thought the statute of limitations could already be set aside when extenuating circumstances prevented prosecution within the limits ?
 ,No reasonable person should object to this. The people that matter *will* but they shouldn't.
 ,This might be the smartest bill I have ever seen introduced.   There is no reason why the president can't be accountable for his actions.
 ,And who's going to hold Nintendo accountable for stringing me along so long about animal crossing switch?
 ,How about we just toss the bullshit argument that sitting Presidents can't be indicted for crimes they commit? Why should we let them get away with it for 4-8 years?
 ,I support this law.     I think it's pretty dumb that Trump has committed a bunch of crimes and there is no punishment except impeachment. The president shouldn't be above the law more than any other citizen or resident.
 ,Can they also do one for CEOs and Executives as well?   That would be great
 ,This will be used on all Presidents from either party.
 ,The Trump Act as history will remember it.
 ,If you are pro-Rule-of-Law you should be pro holding presidents accountable for their crimes regardless of party how likeable how rich how influential they are or what good works they have done before in or after office.
 ,"Lol" - McConnell
 ,This wealthy right wing asshole is so corrupt he's exceeded the expectations of the forefathers the right wing claims to hold so dear. And he's still not gone! He's such a grotesque retardation of decency he's broken the system of checks and balances. Such a horrid disgusting display of unchecked white privilege.
 ,How about just overturn that stupid fucking OLC opinion?
 ,Great as a political stunt; awful as law since it basically codifies the OLC memo holding that a sitting President can't be indicted....  ...which is a *terrible* doctrine. It isn't found in any law it isn't found in the Constitution it isn't even implied in the Constitution. Every other elected official in every federal state or local government in the country can be indicted for a crime except according to the DOJ a sitting President. That makes the President one step removed from a monarch. It's the OLC memo that needs to go not the statute of limitations. If this law actually passes it will basically amount to Congress legitimizing the OLC doctrine after the fact. Once that happens you can forget overturning the OLC memo.
 ,I am skeptical of this. If you wait until the term is over before indicting that is literally admitting a president is above the law.  How about actually holding him accountable right now?
 ,The law doesn't matter when you install a loyalist AG who won't enforce the law
 ,Uhhhh.... Why would we want a pause? Shouldn't they be persecuted immediately?  "hmm... Seems here he accused of rape guess we'll wait until 2020 for the details."
 ,What am I not understanding here?  Does the necessity for such a law mean that the US president for all these years has literally been above the law? How did I never know that?  Do you mean to tell me that Donald Trump could pull out a gun on live TV and shoot a CNN reporter dead and he can't be arrested for it?  What the hell country am I living in?
 ,If the president cant be indicted it's a dictatorship not a democracy.
 ,This bill only makes sense. Why allow criminals to wait our their crimes behind the presidency?
 ,While this is great it doesn't solve all the problems we're facing right now. This would only pause statute of limitations so the president can be indicted after they leave office. Sure many of the allegations against Trump will have passed the statute of limitations if he wins a second term but that doesn't really matter. When he leaves office he has no power so what the hell is the point? Just to throw some 78 year old in jail? Not that I wouldn't love to see Trump crash and burn even at 80 years old that doesn't solve the bigger picture.  What matters is that he's still allowed to be in office in the first place. He's allowed to control the highest position in our country and one of the most powerful in the world because we can't charge him _now_. He's making decisions impacting 100's of millions of people with reckless abandon because there's nothing left to lose. And winning a second term becomes a fight for survival. You think he's going to let up in the 2020 election? Hell no if I were him I'd double my efforts to stay in office so I can stay free. Break more laws conspire with more foreign nations. What are they going to do—arrest me? Not for another 4 years if I win.
 ,Pathetic in today’s age we actually need this law when every other president (minus a select few) has been held to this standard.   I guess this is what Making America Great Again Meant. /s
 ,Yes! And get rid of that stupid fucking policy at the DOJ created at the time of Nixon that says a president cannot be indicted. If you did that then this bill would be unnecessary.
 ,Pretty sure George Washington thought that this would be implied. No time like the present!
 ,There is literally no reasonable excuse for opposing this but that never stopped the GOP before.
 ,My guess is this will pass but will not take effect for another 5 years to make sure it doesn't effect Trump. Republicans in the Senate will amend this to protect the Criminal-In-Chief
 ,I'd also like to see more of these types of Bills when (I hope) the Dems retake the Senate in 2020.  Make it harder for future Trumps to try to bulldoze through the Constitution. Trump made us realize how frail and flawed our "checks & balances" system really is
 ,We need to apply this to police
 ,Happy birthday to me
 ,Waits with baited breath for every single Republican to vote against it. "Clearly this is just an attack against Donald Trump and any future Republican President".
 ,Or OR... we could explicitly say that a sitting president isn't immune from arrest and indictment.  But that would then require they *do* something and that'd be *hard.*
 ,This is amazing. How do you justify vetoing a bill like this? Good luck pumpkinhead
 ,Who else is ready for McConnell to block this one too? I can see it now....  "This bill introduced by my Democratic colleagues is an attack on the very institutions we hold dear an attack on freedom and an attack on the Presidency"
 ,Good but they should also be able to be indicted.
 ,Republicans going to lose their shit lol
 ,The fact that this needs to be a thing should say enough for the world we're in.
 ,The fact that this is even up for debate is insane.
 ,Just keep the pressure on make them sweat.
 ,Wouldn't this just be peachy?  &#x200B;  ...Impeachy.
 ,The fact we need to put this and many other bills/laws into place is astounding to me. How is this just not obvious?
 ,...which will be blocked my McConnell of course.
 ,There is absolutely no way Republicans can oppose this right?
 ,They should just call it the "no Donald you can't do these things" bill.
 ,Wait till the Republicans bring this back when a Democrat is a president and pretend they care all along
 ,It's 2019...how is this NOT a thing already?...
 ,“Magna Carta 2 Executive Boogaloo”
 ,Makes complete sense I'm not entirely sure why that wasn't in there from the get go and why over a few hundred years that wasn't introduced. The country is still very young but not young enough where we couldn't have implemented this a lot sooner.
 ,This is such a delicious trap.  If the Mueller report truly "exonerated" the president what exactly is the objection to passing this law?
 ,Wasn't this what the Magna Carta thing was about?  Even the King wasn't above the law but a thousand years later the douchebag is?  Progress!!!!
 ,Honestly good I don’t care what party you should be held accountable
 ,Trump (or any President) is not above the law. The Consitution is the law and it doesn't protect the President it just provides a different road for prosecution. That road is open today no new laws are required.
 ,I feel like this should have already been a law.
 ,I feel like conservatives would feel this is a direct attack on their religious faith.
 ,Democrats. The party of law and order.
 ,How the fuck is this not already a law?!
 ,Surely this is already law right? If not let the date of the act be a constant reminder of Trump and the damage he caused with disregard to the law of his land.
 ,I'll take things that should've already been a thing for $400 Alex
 ,Finally. #LockTHEMup
 ,Guaranteed veto.  The odds of Trump signing that into law is equal to him kissing a black man on the mouth.
 ,MAGA Carta.
 ,Statute of limitations should not exist for felonies of any kind.   Why give criminals a way to get out of their crime without paying their debt to society?
 ,This weeks bullshit:  Because everyone is protecting Trump and he's facing zero penalties he's outright LOBBYING foreign governments to get him elected. He didn't even get a slap on the wrist (yet) so now he's not even hiding it. This is all so fucked up. And the Republican base are fucking traitors and low lives for letting this happen. If this was a Dem they'd be crying in the streets. The difference is those of us who are progressive would also be asking to enforce the law. Fucking unreal:  Getting foreign campaign aid and it's only May 2019:  [https://washingtonmonthly.com/2019/05/10/giuliani-is-asking-a-foreign-government-to-interfere-in-the-2020-election/](https://washingtonmonthly.com/2019/05/10/giuliani-is-asking-a-foreign-government-to-interfere-in-the-2020-election/)
 ,Why doesn’t Nadler stop wasting time with showboating and theatrics and just go ahead and subpoena Mueller to testify?  Barr said weeks ago that he’d be ok with Mueller testifying.  What’s Nadler afraid of?  That without two years and 15 lawyers there to craft his answers that the Republicans will get him to admit that Trump didn’t commit any crimes?  Notice where Dems are keeping the focus - on anything BUT Mueller.
 ,When possible we should repeal the stupid doj regulation saying a president can’t be indicted.
 ,To ask a super specific question this wouldn’t supersede the existing rule that a president cannot be sued or charged with acts relating to the line of duty right? Obviously not the point in contemporary politics but if any constitution nerds are around let me know.
 ,Perfect and Trump the MAGA cult cannot say they would not lock Obama up lol
 ,I don’t mean to be a contrarian.   But was this seriously the best name they could come up with. Sounds less like a serious piece of legislation and more like a sound bite.   How about the “Capital Repose” bill or “no take backsies” bill.   Anything else would suffice.
 ,No no you’re doing it all wrong. If you’re going to get Republicans to vote for it you need a name that can be shoehorned into a cutesy acronym.  Call it ... Presidents Under Scrutiny Should Yield Get Representation and Acquiesce Bountiful Records.  The PUSSYGRABR Act.
 ,I'm sure this bill will pass the pro-crime pro-Russian postured Republicans.
 ,This kind of shit saddens me that we have to pass this type of legislation and that it also won’t pass the Senate.  I wish I could say “man I can’t wait for when the Republicans wish they passed this legislation when a Dem president is breaking the law all over the place” but I would want any president to be held to the law doesn’t matter what party.
 ,Won't ever pass with 1 house controlled by the GOP while the president is GOP.  Dems need to re-introduce this when their executive is in the WH after McConnell lets it die of course. Not like it matters but it would be a perfect exposure of hypocrisy.
 ,Any President right or left would veto this.
 ,Enough with the fucking charades and start the impeachment process for fuck sake.
 ,Are we sure it’s not:  The No <comma> President IS above the law act?
 ,Yet another bill that will go absolutely nowhere.
 ,Yeah this’ll get signed in to law alright.
 ,chances of passing: -1%
 ,Apparently we still have to draw up a Magna Carta 800 years later because somehow the "land of the free" missed that foundational point. 'Merica.
 ,Honestly in the age of digital evidence much of the justification for statutes of limitations is invalid anyway.
 ,Hey House. The is great and all. But can you impeach Trump already?
 ,It's tragic that we even need this law but here we are.
 ,How the fuck this isn’t already a law is fucking beyond me. That we have left this type of behavior unchecked and based on the “good will” of the presidents is fucking ridiculous. We now know the GOP will be the ones that destroy our country to put party first. Good Ol’ fucking boys club.
 ,I'm way too tired to read that entire title can someone describe it in five words or less
 ,I’m so down for this. Make every single one of our so called public “servants” accountable for their crimes. Republicans or democrat.
 ,While they're at it can they also push through the what's good for the public is good for the government act as well?
 ,So I'm just curious as to how the fuck this wasn't already a thing this is some serious oversight by the US government if this is just now becoming a thing...
 ,Can't wait for this to be shot down in the senate
 ,Now they just gotta enact it in time.
 ,The act's name feels rather redundant they should just name it the "No President is above the" because when everyone refers to it they will always say the word "law" at the end anyway because of it being itself a law (if it gets that far).
 ,Love it but it doesn't have a prayer of passing in the Senate.  Repubs won't like it there are too many criminals in the party
 ,Republicans will be fully willing to support this. Right as soon as the next democrat is in office.
 ,From here it sounds like they still cant press charges against him while he is in office this is just a measure for just in case he gets re-elected so they can go after him even after that second term assuming charges are even made.
 ,While were at it let's set term limits on supreme court house Senate Congress. Investigate seth riches murder. Release info on all politician corruption. Audit the fed. Abolish the IRS abolish income tax and set a simple sales tax... no IRS needed. Just a few good ideas I just had.
 ,It's crazy a bill like this even needs to be considered. As if it was legal for a president to break laws and spit on the constitution
 ,This should be much more successful than that mean old impeachment that would never pass in the Senate.  Great job again Democrats 😒
 ,I support this bill
 ,Can't believe this even has to be made a law.
 ,What's the statute of limitations for a federal offense committed by a senator or rep?
 ,I’m sure the GOP is going to be super helpful in getting this passed. I mean with their history of respecting the law above all else why wouldn’t they.
 ,That’s cool. Sad that we have to fucking pass a bill just to make sure we don’t have a monarch....
 ,Seems like this should... just be a thing.
 ,yea  now get Senate to pass and Cheeto to sign
 ,We should never have gotten to this point
 ,If Republicans had any moral principles they would unanimously join in voting for this bill. This is a fix that would apply to the President from any party. But that IF no longer seems to apply to them.
 ,ah the magna carta how could we forget that
 ,I'm so happy to have voted for Swalwell. The dude is a great rep imho. He even seems happy to answer to emails I've sent him in the past.
 ,"we'll sign it the next time a Democrat is elected president."  -The Republicans
 ,Here's looking at you Trump!
 ,Lock donnie the dirtbag up.
 ,I thought this went without saying. It's so incredibly sad and frustrating that this has to be introduced (and even more so that it'll likely never get past the fucking turtle. And that makes me sad because turtles especially sea turtles are fucking amazing creatures).
 ,Been waiting for this.  The OLC opinion can't be tested in court. It's the presidency deciding that the president can't be indicted. That's wrong. We also cannot do anything about it.  Tolling the statute of limitations is a logical and fair workaround.
 ,I'm sure the party of "law and order" will be voting for this!
 ,This will surely get a fair hearing and impartial vote in the Senate.
 ,Is this why trump went from wanting 2 more years to 14 more years?
 ,If the Republicans react negatively to a piece of legislation that would also IMPOSE THE SAME RULES ON DEMOCRAT PRESIDENTS then there is no helping them at all.  These rules are meant to make it possible to criminally prosecute a president who is actively breaking the law.  Nothing more nothing less. But we all know who made this a problem in the first place.
 ,In the article they state;  &#x200B;  > Most federal criminal offenses carry a five-year statute of limitations. Therefore a president who is not prosecuted while in office for a crime they may have committed—**before or during the presidency**—could end up escaping liability altogether if the statute of limitations runs out before their term is over especially if elected to a second term. This would make a mockery of the rule of law.  &#x200B;  It shouldn't just apply to sitting presidents but any living president. Any president that committed a crime while in office should have the statute of limitations waved. That would make any of them think twice about breaking the law as well as thinking that if they leave office they're safe. After that work with the ICC to punish any President that solicited war crimes along with any participants and remove the Hague Invasion Act which was meant to protect the prosecution of U.S. war criminals by the International Criminal Court.  &#x200B;  I'm prepared for *any* president that breaks the laws to face the consequences of their actions. If you want to rule over the proles so bad you shouldn't be exempt from the laws the masses are subjugated to.
 ,He can following impeachment.
 ,Excellent idea! My complaint about this: it should include congresspeople senators and federal justices as well.
 ,Honestly this sounds really fair. If the president can't be prosecuted while in office they shouldn't be able to benefit from that privilege by sliding over statutes of limitation.
 ,This is an excellent idea. I hope it passes and if Congress has any sense whatsoever it will. The travesty that is the Trump "administration" should never be allowed to happen again.   I wonder if they could use the RICO act against the Trump syndicate? I know it's wishful thinking but thinking of him and his family behind bars makes me happy.   The part that really makes me mad at Donny Boy is how he uses the Presidency to hide from prosecutors and other than Congress impeaching him he will continue to be in open defiance of our Constitution with no fear of prosecution. This is a travesty and the GOP Senators allowing that travesty should he in jail beside Donny.  The depressing part of Donny's Presidency is how many supporters he really has. The best part of that seems to be that most of his followers are about his age.
 ,"We have more important matters to bring to the Senate floor" - McConnell probabaly
 ,Americaaaa *FUCK YEAH!!!!* *cue face melting guitar solo*
 ,So like lying to the FBI about sexually exploiting your 22 year old intern? Is that something you guys are all in favor of charging?
 ,Great then any president that gets put in office can be held up with frivolous lawsuits.
 ,One theoretical concern would be whether a president who is at legal jeopardy would sieze absolute power to avoid prosecution. We need to preserve the constitutional order. This is potentially more important than exacting punishment. It may be necessary to agree to a negotiated exit that provides for his personal freedom.
 ,Retroactive I hope.
 ,Say it passes Congress. Is Trump going to sign it? Well. The implications for using the veto are uh. Interesting. But it would just be another day in America.
 ,lol why is this not already in place?  Isn't this a hallmark feature of dictatorships - leaders are pretty much exempt from law
 ,Am I the only one who just thinks its completely unacceptable that a bill like this even needs to be thought of?
 ,As someone who tries to stay someone neutral and in the center of politics but leans to the republican side I am ok with this.  The fact that hes using executive privilege to hide the full report as well is shady to me.
 ,How do you deal with the fact that every president has committed murder due to being Commander-In-Chief of the Armed Forces?
 ,https://imgur.com/a/bCEGS82  Does anyone wanna talk about this picture ?
 ,This doesn't already exist? Wat.
 ,Leave it to Bitch Mcconnell.
 ,Is this another passes in the house fails in the senate thing?
 ,Ive never seen such an effort to remove an American president in my entire life. its absolutely incredible.
 ,>Eric Swalwell  Welp this bill is dead already. Needs to be backed by more serious Democrats if they want this to pick up stream.
 ,There's absolutely zero reason any American citizen rep etc... should oppose this bill. Hell any person at all.  Of course Republicans are more reptilian than human in nature so...
 ,Don’t we already have that?  It’s called the Impeachment Process.
 ,This will massively backfire on Democrats Republicans will never forget what has happened the last two years. Trump will never be charged with anything and the next Democrat in office will be ruined.
 ,How about just indicting a sitting president? No law against it just a baseless policy at the DOJ .
 ,This is great news Obama must be terrified!
 ,When the President does it that means it’s not illegal.
 ,Means nothing if they can pardon themselves on the very last day of any Federal crimes. If you really want accountable make it law the sitting and former presidents cannot be pardoned for any past and future crimes they commit.
 ,I bet you a trillion dollars that Mitch “Gravedigger of Democracy” McConnell will do everything he can to block this bill in the senate.
 ,This is something you’d expect conservatives to be for. Therefore I expect the GOP will all vote against it.
 ,It's insane that this isn't the case already.
 ,Not good enough by half. A sitting president should be held accountable for their crimes regardless whether their office is currently the Oval Office or not. The process should not change for anyone for any reason ever. If anyone commits a crime they should be tried for that crime by a jury of their peers. It's really rather simple.
 ,Good thing Hilary didn't win huh guys?
 ,They should pair this up with a law requiring Congress to be subject to the laws it passes.
 ,yes and the Embarrassment will veto it!
 ,If they want to pass it try tell me Republicans this applies to Clinton and Obama. That should get them behind it.
 ,[deleted]
 ,Will ex post facto mean that this will only apply from this day forward meaning trump is in the clear?
 ,Took 250 years to make this a law.
 ,i'm for it ...but can it be applied immediately or will it only be for **future** presidents?
 ,Sad times indeed that we even need to make laws like this. It really shows how far we’ve fallen as a country.
 ,Christ they really suck at naming shit. Sounds fresh out of a parody TV show.
 ,I'm guessing Trump is not going to sign this one.
 ,America Fuck Yeah!
 ,Former President’s Carter Clinton Bush and Obama need to speak in support of this.
 ,The framers of the constitution thought of this a couple hundred years ago it's called impeachment.
 ,Hey does this include war crimes?  Asking for the rest of the world.
 ,They just need to make this a rider to a Dept of Def budget and let that play out  Otherwise it won't ever pass the current Senate
 ,Good now no more excuses for not being able to arrest him
 ,I wanna hear Republicans take on this one
 ,This is relevent to my interests
 ,So then Trump will try to veto then it goes to a vote?
 ,Yeah imagine a world where fucking Mitch McConnell actually allows this to have a vote in the senate. At least some Democrats are acknowledging publicly that there "just wait till after the elections" strategy is bull finally as the statute of limitations runs out on most of the crimes in the mueller report.
 ,If this somehow passed Trump would be out on his ass the morning after it was.
 ,[McConnell](https://imgflip.com/i/2c8ze4)
 ,I just want to say how utterly fucked this timeline is where we need to pass a law like this.
 ,This is a given
 ,Wonder if Trump will veto this ?
 ,Now they need to have enough balls to issue the same bill against lobbyists and corporations selling poison as buffers.
 ,I love this law. Perhaps when this fails the democrats will also support this law next time one is in office?
 ,Great idea!  Let's extend that to candidates as well.
 ,Send it out for a referendum because it will never pass the Senate.
 ,🎼What goes around comes all the way back around 🎼
 ,Republicans might vote in favor after adding an amendment stating this starts with the NEXT president.
 ,Trump would never sign it
 ,The heroes we need
 ,2019 and this is barely a thing now
 ,I'm all on board.  Let's also hold Congress the same laws it passes for everyone else to follow.
 ,[deleted]
 ,As an outsider it is absolutely astounding this isnt written in your law yet...
 ,Ok but can we rename into a fancy acronym
 ,Whatever happened to no one is above the law we already have enshrined somewhere?
 ,The beaver is a semi-aquatic mammal that has a very unusual appearance it is duck-billed has a beaver-like tail lays eggs has otter-like fur and webbed feet.
 ,Beavers close their eyes and ears when under water so in order to feed on worms insects and freshwater shrimp they use their sense of electroreception and dig up muddy river beds with their bill to detect the electric fields of prey.
 ,Really activates the almonds
 ,btw anyone a fan of Swalwell as a Presdiential candidate? I hardly see support for him and I have a feeling he's polling very low near the bottom but I really think he's good Presidential material.
 ,This is so weird this is even a thing.
 ,What about self-pardons?
 ,This is already law. Soo?
 ,I just don't understand how this isn't already the law...
 ,Shouldn’t this have already been a thing?
 ,Sure he is as long as he is one of us.  -GOP
 ,How is this not already a thing?  No one should be above the law that includes the very people who is running the country
 ,The turtle will just never let it get to a vote.
 ,Federal offense? How about international offense? Why let them get away with war crimes? 🤔🤔🤔
 ,Sweet! another headline of the last 1000 in the last two years that won’t matter. Just vote him out.
 ,I just wish it would get through the senate so we can hear Trump's excuse before he vetoes it.
 ,So...can anyone show me a statute of limitations that says the president cant be charged for crimes?
 ,Wonder what made them want this
 ,So in the UK we have a concept of Parliamentary Immunity. Basically Parliament is considered the highest court in the land and it cannot be controlled by either the executive (the Prime minister's office) or the judiciary although of course if it creates contradictory legislation that can be challenged. Thus the elected representatives of the people hold the ultimate power and are accountable only to the people.  I would be interested in how the US system deals with the same issue.
 ,I can't wait for trump to veto it.
 ,I don’t think we should be bashing what the GOP’s response might be to this but wondering why in the fuck this wasn’t in place decades ago when Nixon was doing his dirty deeds. Or when Bush and Cheney took advantage of a terrible situation and made money off of it. Let’s not make this only about Trump but about every U.S. president that has ever taken advantage of this nation in any way
 ,This means you would have to remove every President from history.
 ,Good. I’m all for this. But only if it works for impeach all baddies
 ,Two words: citizen's arrest.
 ,Scumbag Mitch McConnell will shoot it down of course.
 ,Trump won't sign this into law though
 ,This has to go through The Senate and be signed by the President. What makes you think it will?
 ,Asinine this needed to happen
 ,Good luck getting criminal in chief to sign this
 ,"Only if we can add fine print saying it only applies to Democrats"  -The GOP definitely
 ,These are nice and all but it sadly feels more like political grandstanding knowing that nothing will come of these bills. Especially knowing that McConnel won't do shit to bring them to the Senate. Really wish we could actually pass some of these.
 ,Legit question: Could this be used to indict a President that kills an American citizen overseas say in an airstrike?
 ,Good
 ,Good boy Mitch is gonna eat that bill up
 ,This and not a wall will be Trump's legacy.
 ,I've met Swalwell a couple of times. He's a pretty dope dude
 ,I hope this has an effect - the democrats introducing many many bills that just get shot down. Republican bills are few far between and usually a joke.
 ,What a joke
 ,Trying to fix problems that dont exist.  Go proggressives!
 ,Case. Closed.
 ,cool could have used this the past 4 presidents. but since this one has done nothing wrong great placebo law for dems to pass should add everyone in congress to the list
 ,Is this even constitutional?
 ,Granted now every public official falls under the same scrutiny as the people and almost everyone is indicted for crimes committed while in office the government fails and we fall under a joint Russian/Chinese rule.  Ohhhh shit this isn't monkey paw.  Nvm keep wishing guys.
 ,Somewhere somehow someone working for a right-wing media outlet will wonder out loud if this means Hillary can finally be brought to justice.
 ,What about past presidents such as the Bush family?
 ,Does this mean we can finally prosecute Bush and Obama for war crimes?
 ,So your just gonna make up laws as you go if you can't find something wrong. This is pathetic and childish. Let's make sure it's retroactive for obama
 ,It’s going to be funny if this law passes and it is then used against a Democrat president.
 ,That's nice but this is a waste of time because it will never pass the way things are now.  The House should be focusing on impeachment and making a PUBLIC SCENE about insecurity of our elections.
 ,Until the other side gets in and then....
 ,So let’s convict all still living presidents who have committed war crimes around the world namely all of them.
 ,finally to few initiatives are being taken to prevent future Trumps and to many are fighting the symptoms of a broken system. Now if we could get rid of the first past the post system the world would be a much better place.
 ,When you don't want the law to be applied differently to presidents so you pass a law that makes it so that the law is applied differently to the president.
 ,orrr... and stick with me on this... you prosecute immediately because he's not above the fucking law
 ,Good. This is what needs to happen.
 ,Lol after trump leaves Office and democrat takes the seat. Also when when a republican wins the presidency they will revert it back
 ,How have we fallen so far? "Ok the president can be a criminal but as soon as his term is up we're gonna get him!" Goddamn it if the president is a criminal he shouldn't be the president!
 ,Great bill which won’t pass the senate floor sadly. Bitch McConnell won’t allow it. Party > Principle
 ,Finally some proper action! Hopefully this gets passed!  https://media3.giphy.com/media/srg19CG0cKMuI/giphy.gif
 ,Good luck bro
 ,If this fails it gives us another thing to be outraged about!  Gift that keeps on giving.
 ,Weird that we need a bill to enforce federal laws.
 ,Can someone explain how this wasnt already a fucking thing? How have we coasted this long like this?
 ,Slippery slope here for sure.
 ,Lets see a similar bill happen with cops. People need to be held accountable for their actions.
 ,I wonder if this bill would count as precedent that all presidents before the bill had implied impunity.  Edit: a letter
 ,Thissss is what I'm taking about. Go USA! 😁🥰
 ,The President is sure to sign that one.
 ,What a joke. Talk about closing the gate after the cows run out!
 ,Um so when it's a Dem in office the GOP will phony up some charges and boom. Maybe back to the drawing board. One side will always lie and cheat--make your laws with that in mind.
 ,Statute of limitations should not exist for crimes against any individual.
 ,then include wording accountability for members of congress as well.
 ,beto
 ,Wow because of just one president and his administration. Oh wait I meant to say every Republican administration since Nixon. Iran-Contra Affair. Hurricane Katrina with Blackwater contractors on American soil killing civilians. Saudi involvement in 9/11 (albeit let's ixnay other middle east countries resident's entry into the US except where the culprits originated from and now we are talking to Saudi Arabia about arming them with nuclear weapons). The economic collapse of 2008 due to the lack of banking oversight with no one held responsible. Enron scandal which resulted in millions of Americans losing their life savings (again with no one held responsible) etc. Egregious to say the least. The political system is corrupt in the US both sides but the GOP are beyond out of control. Never before in the US has such a criminal organization ruled this country in this manner with no repercussions.
 ,Should also apply to senators and congressmen and women.
 ,Guaranteed not to pass the Senate or even get a hearing until a Democrat is in the White House.
 ,good   Make it retroactive and now Bill Clinton can go to jail....
 ,The fact that we fucking need this is ridiculous! What happened to us?
 ,It won't pass but fully support it
 ,Good. There is no reason why any world leader should be above the reaches of the justice system.
 ,Fuck ymhi. Up
 ,NPALA has a nice ring to it
 ,but isn't that already a thing
 ,What about former Presidents? How 'bout dat?
 ,so currently is something criminal not as important as being the president of the united states? is this why they made trump president cuz he woulda got the whole country in trouble..
 ,The Trump amendment.
 ,no such thing as above or not
 ,What’s the point? If a president does something illegal there’s a process to remedy the situation: impeach then try then sentence. I don’t see the point of suspending statues of limitations other than to provide “gotchas” with asinine laws.
 ,Nope we have a statute of limitations for a good reason.  Who here wants to be accused of something that happened 30 or 40 years ago?  How on earth can the facts from either side be properly vetted?  If you really think the government will stop at only applying this to the President I've got a bridge to sell you.  The *other side* can just bring up frivolous charges from years ago even if whoever the President is gets found not guilty the damage is done.  This is a train wreck waiting to happen.  Lets sort it out at the ballot box not circling around laws because you think the ends justify the means.
 ,How about adding ALL elected officials not even a pardon can save you.
 ,Does this have retroactive effect?
 ,Love it
 ,Sorry why does the statute need to be paused? The President can be impeached for any crimes committed. It sounds like the point of this is to pause it so that they can wait until a specific party has enough power to get an impeachment to go through.
 ,Why not call it the "No One Is Above The Law" act and apply it to every elected official instead? Notice how Congress magically leaves themselves out of it?
 ,This only gives the next republican even MORE of a reason to hold the presidency hostage  They need to overrule this "can't indict" bullshit because we all know it's bullshit
 ,Even with a perfect bill name like this to force republicans to vote for it there will be people like mcconnell blocking it so it can t be voted on because he will say this is never going to happen hence it is not needed
 ,What are the Nad Deusch and Swallowell proposing to help the American people this time? There should be a law against their hypocrisy!
 ,Will this apply to the current president? 🤔
 ,Why the duck was this not up for a vote before the release of the mueller report?
 ,Good luck getting this signed into law.
 ,Man these crooked politicians cannot stop they lost control of govt to the people and they want it back.  Because trump’s taking all their money and giving it to the people instead;  the way it should be.
 ,It's about freaking time. These idiot dimocrats FINALLY get to the task at hand. You all should be ashamed of yourselves. Putting the country through all this bs then get soundly told to F*(&^ off and get on with life! The only thing left is to see if this will pass. It will be especially funny to see it FAIL AGAIN!!
 ,Next time someone complains about democrats not doing anything since the midterms show them this.
 ,Anyone else seeing the similarities to what happened to Julius Caesar here?
 ,If this doesn’t get passed the House (Grumpy Old Party); then the next president would have to instate this law and make it permanent. It’s crazy that such a law has to be created for such a thing.   The “good” thing that came out of the 45th acting as president is that I became way more involved with politics. I was always around it due to my dad always watching/reading/hearing  (npr) political things. But now as an adult in my mid 30’s I’m much more aware of what is going on.
 ,I can see the headlines already: DONALD TRUMP YOU’RE FIRED!
 ,I say this should apply to all positions of federal elected office.
 ,I'm not sure even if the bill passed that it would survive constitutional challenge at least would need to see some details.
 ,There are reasons this won't pass and Trump isn't the only one.
 ,Please do and then we can go after Obama!
 ,I'm game so long as members of Congress are included as well
 ,Yes please.
 ,If I recall correctly this is pretty much exactly what caused Caesar to start a civil war lmao
 ,[deleted]
 ,Next Trump introduces bill that the no POTUS can ever be convicted of any past or future crimes as of November  6 2016. Said legislation shall not apply to any presidents prior to this date.
 ,Everyone is asking if the president can commit murder? Have you heard about the drones?
 ,uh shouldnt the president be allowed to pardon anyone tho?
 ,This bill is fucking stupid. There is no law forbidding the arrest of the POTUS. Just a stupid guideline. Arrest him and take it to the SCOTUS.
 ,Bit late isnt it?
 ,If this passes we’ll never have another president. No one gets to that level of power without being a crook
 ,Too bad they don't have an offense to prosecute.  This is solution in search of a problem.
 ,While we are at it let’s get rid of statute of limitations all together.
 ,I'm opposed to this because it is stupid unnecessary and political theater. We already have too many laws. We don't need to be adding laws addressed to 1 specific person just because he is a liberal hate object.
 ,This feels a bit like a concession.  "Ah well you guys got us this time but not again!"  Also how reprehensible that this even needs to be put in writing
 ,They need to hold them damn selves accountable to the "Law".. fucken Hippocrates  or OR maybe they should start doing their fucken JoBs.. and quit wasting OUR TIME AND MONEY...
 ,Will it be retro active?
 ,Where was this law when Obama was putting American citizens on the kill list and threatening to jail journalists?
 ,Maybe make it retroactive and go after Barry
 ,wow! that explain's why Obama developed a nervous tic recently!
 ,Those guys are fucking idiots.
 ,yay Retro that bitch back and hold Obama accountable!
 ,This is silly though.   Say Biden gets elected next term he would pardon Trump just as any other president would pardon his predecessor because this would set a legal precedent that neither party would want to establish! It’s politics!
 ,This is all for show
 ,Sounds like a good tool to abuse and get very specific people elected.  This could be an issue...
 ,Here the Dems go forging another Boomerang. What a bunch of morons. Wake UP!!
 ,You know that’s a good idea but Trump broke no laws.
 ,Obama cant run he'll pay
 ,Does this mean if a Democrat president is in office and republicans accuse him of a crime he can be indicted and basically be prevented from doing anything during his term from dealing with lawsuit after lawsuit?
 ,Introduce the bill after past presidents have broken more laws than trump. Shame on the democrats!
 ,I am a bit confused. Regardless of what you think about Trump whether you are Dem or GOP what did he actually do that is a crime?  The allegation is that he or his henchmen allegedly met with Russian businessmen and/or government officials to find potential dirt on Hillary Clinton and her aides and the Democratic Party in general right? The Russians allegedly even offered tapes of Bill and Monica having phone sex from the 90s right? (The GOP did not even use that right?) To be sure it is disgusting that the Russians would record that and keep that and bring it up two decades later. Still politicians are not allowed to research/dig up scandals? You are not allowed to use dirt that someone else has uncovered during an election?! Political campaigns do that all the time!   The Watergate reporters found that Nixon's henchmen were bugging the Democratic Party. They themselves used some very questionable tactics to research Nixon and his aides. If memory serves they had a spy in the telephone company who gave them phone records. They also somehow obtained loads of credit card information to trace how the Republicans used their money. To this day Carl Bernstein still dodges questions about how they got what they got.   Still did the Dems use The Washington Post's work against the GOP come election time? Did they run TV ads about this? Of course they did! (The GOP somehow won anyway.)   Is the problem that Russia somehow illegally obtained this information? Then they committed a crime not necessarily the campaign to whom they blabbed.   If I am understanding this correctly this is a bit like your friend breaking into your wife's desk to find naked pics of her and her lover you telling your divorce lawyer and the judge about it to win the case and *you* getting into trouble for it. Maybe you behaved in a somewhat sleazy way but you are not the criminal here.   Unless there is something here that I am missing.
 ,The makers of the law are the ones who are brakers of the law.
 ,[deleted]
 ,I heard next week Democrats are going to introduce a bill known as "guilty until proven innocent act".
 ,[deleted]
 ,This is a huge mistake. It create the imression the President is today above the law. He is not.
 ,There's been no criminal offense by President Trump.  Mueller could have recommended indictment- he found no grounds for which to do so.  You guys are special in here.
 ,Good. How bout we start with all the crimes Obama committed???  You democrats are a real piece of work.
 ,I find it extremely hard to believe that 25k people find this interesting enough to upvote.   Reddit is manipulated.
 ,I support this but it wouldn't change anything even if it was in place now. Trump no collusion no obstruction
 ,It is sad. No proof no nothing. If there was he would have been impeached right away.
 ,This would be absolutely irresponsable. Foreign powers could easily abuse this law specially in times of war in order to de-estabilize the nation.
 ,That's a cute little bill that won't go through.
 ,Another Bill Introduced by Dims that goes nowhere and does nothing. 👍
 ,Name one criminal act Trump has committed. Go on.
 ,Awesome we'll never see another Democrat president again!
 ,So what about bj bill then?  How would have this effected him?    Trump is a dump but can we stop the grandstanding.
 ,God bless President Trump and keep him safe 325 billion in Chinese tariffs it’s about time someone stood up for the United States
 ,Like extra-judicial killing of an American citizen?
 ,Comical only for show and any President of the United States would Veto Dem or Republican.  So Nadler and Swalwell are for sure going to have a bad day after Declassification I guess if Deutch is in on this bill that I will add a name to the list of people soon to be prosecuted.
 ,Today's 'Ways dems can waste more time instead of getting issues addresses'
 ,the contempt vote against Barr was a disgrace to our country. I hope Barr shines a big bright light on the spying the FBI carried out against the Trump campaign.
 ,When Trump's done nothing criminal and when this passes Obama is sent to jail alongside Clinton... LMAO
 ,It is amazing you can't impeach him so you try to change the law. WJC was guilty of obstruction of justice suborning perjury and perjury.  He lost his law license over it and if memory doesn't fail me he was also heavily fined. Hillary is guilty of obstruction  violating the espionage act destroying evidence  and colluded with a foreigner to create the fictitious Steel dossier  which was then used by others to spy on a presidential campaign and perpetrate this soft coup against the American people and the elected president.  Yet some here and in Congress still insist on attempting to remove this elected president.  When will you wake up and get angry with the Clinton's  Obama and the media cabal which has been lying to you for the last 2 years. Yes Trump is a boorish figure.  But he has also been effective.  Are you better off than you were 2 years ago? I am. Everyone I know is. Even the leftists who don't like me and hate Trump are doing better.  If I see Hillary actually tried for her treason I could see trying Trump. Bit right now it's a 2 tiered justice system.  Republicans hang Clinton's and Obama skate.
 ,Statute of limitations and the fact Trump is a sitting president are not the reason he wasn't indicted.  Mueller explicitly stated the OLC opinion did not bear on the determinations not to prosecute.  Stop chasing this conspiracy it's a bad look. Lies on this scale will virtually guarantee another 4 years of Trump.
 ,Just remember that because you hate the current president don't make laws that will effect the president you like but the other side hates.
 ,This sounds partisan.  We gonna cherry pick which things we call 'crimes'?  Presidents have to do nasty things sometimes and we elect them to do it.
 ,The dems May enact this but will get rid of it as soon as they are back in power. Because if we hold a dem president accountable they will scream that it is unconstitutional.
 ,Good tell me when we our president commits a crime our current one is still clean.
 ,Hahaha lmao!!! I love seeing Democrats make emotional bitter laws when they can't get what they want. They are the definition of corruption and liars🤥!!!!🤣🤣🤣
 ,Guess that means Biden will have to drop out of the race.  Swalwell really is a worthless piece of shit.
 ,[deleted]
 ,Hooray. Another toothless piece of symbolic legislation that will never pass. Political theater never tasted so sweet. It’s so much better than actual tangible real world consequences for the people who have been wiping their asses with the constitution all this time.  Really. I wouldn’t be surprised if you could literally smell my enthusiasm through your screens. I’m so enthused. This totally matters.  *single gunshot*  *dull thud*
 ,The Democrats want this so they can try to impeach Trump but like all Democrat ideas it'll backfire on them. Just like the so called " collusion " Trump had with the Russians. I believe that they proved Hillary had the collusion with the Russians since she sold Uranium to them.
 ,Stfu sore loser libs
 ,Did they forget this was already called rule of law?🤨
 ,I feel like this will fuck us over in the long run.
 ,Day of reckoning coming but not for who they want.
 ,These clowns just can't let it go. hillary lost. Get over it.
 ,We’re gonna get drumphth now!!!
 ,While everyone celebrates this remember that there will one day be another Democrat President. These extra-constitution games will accelerate the disintegration of our Republic.
 ,Grandstanding. President is already accountable but Dems keep throwing fake punches because they're either pussies or they're complicit.
 ,They scrrrrd now.
 ,[deleted]
 ,We should be careful about completely changing longstanding laws in our Government in order to combat one individual. Soon enough Trump will be out of office and then republicans can use these same rules to then resist democrat presidents.
 ,##NOT GOOD ENOUGH  This isn't about holding them accountable *after* they leave office it's about holding them accountable *now*. Julius Caesar committed numerous crimes while serving as Consul and Proconsul but couldn't be prosecuted until after he left office. Anyone know what he did instead? Yeah marched an army into the capital declared himself mother fucking Dictator for Life.
 ,Yall will regret thst one when there is another liberal in office
 ,[removed]
 ,If a President feels threatened enough by litigation it might end up being less risky for him to start a civil war than to give in to his political enemies. Sounds unlikely but you never know what faction of the executive branch or army or civilian populace might respond to a call to arms.   Part of the United States record streak of peaceful political transitions is the fact that we don't arrest Presidents for crimes while in office. Once you start cutting off their heads or putting them in jail for life you send an example to future presidents that to relinquish power is to hand yourself over to your enemies and become vulnerable. It makes civil war the better option to them personally.   This is just asking for a future competent leader to look into history see Caesar crossing the Rubicon instead of putting his life in the hands of the Senate and then winning that civil war and destroying the republic.   Were already in a fragile political state as it is. People are waiting for some shit to go down. Theyve been buying assloads of guns for the past 20 years. Don't upset the apple cart. Wait out bad leaders and leaders you disagree with. Term limits defeat everyone.   Or we can unleash civil war balkanization ethnic strife and race wars.
 ,“The No President”...I really like this nickname for Trump!   NO collusion NO obstruction NO more bad trade deals NO more illegal immigration   :-)
 ,How about Nadler own up to his own hypocrisy before going after others?
 ,**DAILY REMINDER:**  1. You cannot impeach Trump because Mueller's report does not come to the conclusion a crime was committed.  2. You cannot subpoena Barr or Mueller because Trump and Barr both share executive privilege.  3. You cannot beat Trump in an election because identity politics and communism are dead on arrival in the United States of America.  4. You cannot overthrow Trump because you do not believe in the 2nd amendment more importantly because the war won't be fought against Starbucks glass windows and trashcans.
 ,This is just a waste of time. Why not help your communities and states? They haven’t don’t one beneficial thing for a single person. Do nothing is pathetic and they should be paid on bills passed and laws madeike commission
 ,Sure as long as Obama gets tried for executing a citizen extrajudicially.
 ,This will back fire. Keep crying. Trump 2020!
 ,Can't wait for the next war when the president will be held accountable for every casulty happening during the war. Lots of president will end up in jail :p
 ,Does that mean they can prosecute Obama for the murder of Anwar al-Awlaki?
 ,Do you guys ever get tired of being outraged
 ,There was no federal offense committed by a sitting president...  You guys need to come to terms with that. By all means Quote me chapter and verse of the Mueller Report that says in black and white "President Trump committed obstruction of justice".  The special counsel had no problem going after various people for financial crimes. The special counsel had no problem saying explicitly in page 2 of the introduction to volume I that there is no evidence that Donald Trump and his campaign conspired with the Russian government. So Show me WHERE the Mueller Report supposedly clandestinely winks and nods to congress to impeach.   That's not how investigations work. That's not what happened. You people need to come to terms with this. It's just getting sadder and sadder. Your *opinions* and the *opinions* of some angry leftist politicians do not equal objective reality. Again Prove me wrong with chapter and verse in the Mueller Report.
 ,1. Trump won the election.  2. Trump committed no crimes in doing so.  3. Trump is still your President.  &nbsp;  Have a nice day!
 ,Reee   Testing
 ,Turning the FBI into just another gang of criminal thugs is good enough reason to never let another  Dem near the WH ever again by any means necessary.
 ,Everyone was cool with Obama getting the power.
 ,Seems more and more everyday a certain branch of the government is over reaching and basically slovly chipping away at the balance of power.  The Republicans  increase the  gap of wealththe left stripes away rights and freedoms.  And the circle goes on
 ,So the gangster Obama can be looking at a jail cell?
 ,The President CAN be held accountable for criminal conduct that's what the articles of impeachment are for. The problem of course is the pesky need for evidence. Democrats don't give a shit about criminal conduct they just want to be obstructionists because they don't like Trump.
 , As a reminder this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)  In general be courteous to others. Attack ideas not users. Personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.   If you see comments in violation of our rules please report them.  ***   *I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,The my pillow dude is a piece of shit  Source: from minnesota
 ,I got one of these pillows as a gift. It was the least comfortable most lumpy pile of shit I've ever laid my head upon. Not surprised the owner is a massive tool.
 ,The tax cuts were always a scam. Only 3% went to workers wages. The other 97% went to Stock buybacks and CEO pay raises.
 ,His pillows are horrible.  He is so creepy when he is on QVC but it figures he is a Trump Supporter.
 ,$50 bag of ground up urethane foam. It's a scam.
 ,Here's the thing journalists don't understand (and politicians don't want to understand): Companies don't hire because they have more money. Companies hire because they have more *demand* and could profit from producing and selling more. Then and only then will they hire more people.
 ,"Buy my pillow! It's like every other pillow except I'm a christian! See I'm wearing a cross necklace and everything!"
 ,These tax cuts are working exactly as intended.  tax cuts means a lower overhead which means more profit for the executives.  Then when the demand slumps they lay off their workers which further decreases their costs which means increased profits.  The system is working exactly the way Trump and the Republicans want it to work.
 ,Anyone want to bet he got back on the crack and that's where his tax cut went?
 ,job-killing tax cuts
 ,How do you know a conservative is lying?  Their mouth is moving.
 ,5-10% raises 6 months ago.  \~1500 employees lays off \~150 that's 10%...  So you raised your employee costs by 5-10% and then lowered them by 10% 6 months later. Surprise!
 ,MyPillow are like the Papa Johns of pillows.  Subpar product dipshit owner that gets political which destroys customer bases and an affliction to appeasing power.
 ,Word must finally be getting out that his pillows suck ass.
 ,He's like the only guy that still runs ads on Fox News too.
 ,Good. Fuck this company and all of it's advertising money it spends on Fox News.
 ,These pillows are really good if you're looking for something to wipe your ass with.
 ,The MyPillow guy is notoriously shitty person and business owner.  Why is it that all the sketchy business fuckers are always vocal Trump supporters?
 ,Isn't this like the LAST sponsor of Nazi Ingram?
 ,Layoffs are coming in droves now. The tariffs are limiting business. Manufacturing is moving more and more out of the US. Agriculture is in big trouble. Tip of the iceberg unless something happens soon.  /Laid off today. //No seriously.
 ,Laid your head on that lie. I'm not buying my pillows from T-Rump $ponsors.
 ,So a trump supporter is a total POS.  Shocking is not exactly the word that comes to mind.
 ,Mr Crackhead...
 ,Why it's almost like Trump and all his fartbreathers are talking bullshit!  Who knew?!
 ,Literally every company that bragged about the tax cuts turned around and fired a bunch of people. Comcast Walmart/Sams Club AT&T Kimberly Clark etc. Literally every one.   When the first wave came out it became a meme of "well how many people are getting laid off this time?" whenever a company announced raises or bonuses as a "windfall" to the tax cuts.  With Walmart/Sams Club they announced raises/bonuses on January 11 2018 and then used that as PR cover to axe 10000 people the very next day. It was so quick that people showed up to work on the 12th and the doors were just.....closed. 10000 people inexplicably laid off with no prior warning.   https://www.businessinsider.com/walmart-suddenly-closes-sams-club-stores-2018-1  edit: I was actually remembering it wrong. They announced raises/bonuses then axed 10000 the ***very same day***!!!
 ,His anti abortion movie was awful and filled with the most untrue violent depeictions of what an abortion is while trying to claim they were neutral and showing both sides.  Oh yeah if you didn't hear the My pillow Guy made a movie about abortion.
 ,Crack addict writes bad checks and wife beater -   https://radaronline.com/exclusives/2017/03/mike-lindell-cocaine-addiction-domestic-abuse-arrest-my-pillow/
 ,I mean the guy is pissing off half or more of his potential customer base and doesn't expect sales to tank?  Brilliant!
 ,>MyPillow often advertises on Fox News and has done so a whopping 1100 times since Jan. 1. As reporter Jordan Uhl notes that’s “more than almost every other advertiser including ramping up advertisements on costly primetime shows that saw advertisers leave due to rhetoric.”  breathtaking business nous.
 ,shockedpikachu.jpg
 ,Before I ever knew his political views  the guy seemed creepy af.  Talking in a weird voice  eyeballs blazing squeezing those goddam pillows over and over and over.....
 ,The MyPillow guy is such a shithead. Literally no one who lives here likes him.
 ,Another case of Trickle Down Economics working as intended.
 ,My dad bought me a couple of his pillows and seeing his face makes me want to burn them.  But I'm not a Republican so I know that burning my own possessions is dumb so I won't.
 ,The price of crack cocaine is too damned high!
 ,What you wanna bet he took his tax rebates from his buddy Donald and snorted them all right up his nose
 ,The price of crack rocks has really outpaced inflation to be fair
 ,> he plans on launching an “online store for entrepreneurs and inventors to sell their products” called MyStore.com  Amazon called and said "bring it".
 ,I have a terrible Spidey Sense. I'd probably get in the car with the next Ted Bundy and not suspect a thing. But this guy gave me fugly vibes in the commercials.
 ,An as-seen-on-TV business based on a single fad product is struggling? How can this be? Shocking.
 ,Boycott. Buy better pillows at local BedBath and Beyond.
 ,This guy is the poster child for the word “tool”.
 ,coming from the guy that did so much cocaine/crack that his _dealer_ cut him off and put word out not to deal to him? yeah im not surprised at all.  [YouTube link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJbdj3SMzlM)  [Article](https://www.cnbc.com/2017/09/20/how-mypillow-founder-went-from-crack-addict-to-self-made-millionaire.html)
 ,Fuck My Pillow. Dad was a Fox News watcher for the last three years of his life. Had cancer spreading in his lymph system spine and possibly organs (he wouldn’t go for more scans after the spine and lymph system were positive).  Mom bought Dad and herself a couple of these abominations. He couldn’t get comfortable under hardly any circumstance but these shitty lumpy garbage bags were horrible for his neck. During his last three months he did settle on a memory foam that at least supported his neck and spine.  But fuck a shit company selling shit to the older boomer Americans.   Chic-fil-a and Hobby Lobby can bite my ass too.
 ,This picture makes me wanna bitch slap that guy. Dude with the thumbs looks like a douche too.
 ,You mean the former crack addict who makes an average at best product and wears his necklace in every commercial like the choker of a 7th grader who just found Hot Topic at the start of their goth phase ISN'T the most reliable source of business expertise? Color me flabbergasted /s
 ,How do these feel when they lay their heads down at night to sleep
 ,He got his cut. He's getting his sleep.   The Sleep Institute approves of his tax cut.  What does he care?
 ,According to the article he's doing it to afford the launch of a website for people to sell shit on......so another Amazon/Ebay.  Also you know there's going to be some scummy commission on sales shenanigans going on.
 ,The Papa John of pillows.
 ,One of those pillows would make a decent mute for a sad trombone
 ,Tucker’s bigger advertiser!
 ,We knew prior to Election Day this Trump Tax wouldn’t do shit except line the 1% pockets. Be smarter next time you vote or get off your ass and vote next time.
 ,Looks like the owner got back into that coke habit...
 ,Omfg I can’t believe this dude is a real person
 ,Promise kept
 ,why does this asshat matter?
 ,I wonder if MyPillow sales are down because people don't want to buy pillows from a guy who endorsed Trump at one of his rallies.  EDIT: It's because he's opening "mystore.com." Apparently Lindell is unaware that he missed the "MyXXXX" branding craze by about a decade.
 ,The days of companies looking out for their workers via pensions or otherwise are long gone. It's only about squeezing out every ounce of profit. CEOs and executives get huge bonuses not for productivity but for literally firing people because it made the bottom line look better. And we are being sold the idea that giving these people more money will somehow make them hire more people or pay existing employees more? What a joke. Even the few that handed out 1k checks. Wow! It's the equivalent of me getting a 1 million bonus and giving the secretary a $5 bill as a thanks for her part on my way out to go by a new beach house.
 ,They spent a lot of money marketing these pillows to olds. It did not work because olds are still using pillows from 1982.   Source: age.
 ,A company that makes pillows has 150 workers that they can lay off?  How do they have more than 20 in 2019?
 ,For the best nights sleep when you lose your job visit Myyyy Pillow Dot com.
 ,How are the laid off workers sleeping?
 ,Lol he’s laying off people to start mystore.com? Didn’t anyone tell him about amazon?
 ,Sooner or later Capitalism comes for all of us
 ,everyone that's gonna buy one bought it already; everybody else is dying with no new customers or just makes fun of the guy
 ,I guess lies don’t always turn into reality.
 ,It was a boom for him and top management of the company.
 ,He is changing business model because his pillows materials costs just increased 25% overnight.
 ,This is precisely what an "economic boom" is to rich people. Doing whatever they want to make more money. As far as he's concerned he's far more correct now than before he had those employees.
 ,Thoughts and prayers
 ,Discount Jesse Ventura.
 ,Well it's shitty pillow and owner
 ,Owning the libs
 ,> MyPillow Lays Off 150 Workers Months After CEO Credited Trump Tax Cuts for Economic Boom  Of course they did. Getting free money doesn't suddenly make them need to hire people. Why would anyone think that?
 ,His bizarre Trump rally speech at CPAC probably didn't help.
 ,🤮🤮she is a pig and hardcore white Nazi.
 ,Maybe he took the money and got back on crack.
 ,Worst pillow I ever bought.  Well...worst two.  Because stupidly bought 2 on their special.  Ended up giving it away.  I've spoken to 2 other people who've also bought it and they hated theirs too.  Concept sounded good but the actual product didn't work.
 ,Maybe they’ll have to curtail their ad buget.
 ,That snake oil salesmen big cross on the outside of his shirt saved from drugs by the Lord stooge for Trump's bad tax plan.  Worst of all?  Dogshit pillows.
 ,MyPillow had 150 workers!?
 ,Crack and Crucifixes aren't cheap.
 ,**Michael J. Lindell** the CEO of MyPillow -- once a crack addict always a crack addict. He'll be back to sucking dick for his fix on the streets of Minneapolis in no time.  Michael J. Lindell loves crack cocaine and don't you forget it.
 ,Con man supports other con man.... shocker.
 ,I just wish that you would have titled this properly. "Religious right wing nut job supports a political agenda ignoring every logical circumstance of evidence disproving said event such that money can be made for his pocket." Oh and don't forget about Obama being a Muslim born out of country and Hillary's emails. I love the GOP. Honest forthright people. Who believe in the blonde Norwegian looking jesus christ not the jew middle eastern looking jc that never existed except in the bible. Those that serve our country in their own interests and the lobbyists that fund their bank account. Blessed be!
 ,These are strategic layoffs ^to ^make ^up ^for ^the ^decrease ^in ^sales ^after ^the ^recent ^tax ^increase ^among ^their ^customer ^base.
 ,He probably sticks his dick in those pillows.
 , Love Kate McKinnon’s inclusion of Your Pillow as a Laura Ingraham (mock) sponsor on SNL:     “Your Pillow … from the maker of My Pillow. Send us your pillow we need more pillows.”    [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nybyEtN3kyc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nybyEtN3kyc)
 ,I'm sure he gave each a Bible as severance
 ,Got the Purple Pillow instead. No regrets.
 ,BuT mUh GrEaTeSt EcOnOmY
 ,Wasn’t he on crack when he thought of my pillow?
 ,Trump is basically the infommercial scam product equivalent of a president so makes sense.
 ,Ohh fuck "my pillow" is a trump supporter?  Well im glad I never burned 69.99 for a fucken pillow
 ,Wonder if Jesus will help him?
 ,This is going to get buried but the My Pillow guy is a fucking crook.   Give him and his “foundation” that endorses his own product a google. He’s also a POS in every other aspect of his life.   Here’s the [https://www.truthinadvertising.org/mypillow/](Truth In Advertising) write up of this clown  What an asshole.
 ,When are people going to figure out that these guys aren't talking about the same "economy" that the rest of us are a part of?  They're talking about their *own* economy.
 ,Anyone who rocks a jesus piece that big while trying to sell you some shit on TV surely can't be trusted.
 ,I was going to order one of those pillows. Then I did my research on the company and found out how much of a douche bag their CEO is.
 ,I want a Chinese company called "Mo Pirrow" to swoop in and ruin this assholes business so badly.
 ,It's a fad.
 ,The guy is a literal crackhead. He spent a few years addicted to crack cocaine while he had just founded mypillow company. You shouldn’t listen to crackheads when they say the economy is good or bad.  https://www.cnbc.com/2017/09/20/how-mypillow-founder-went-from-crack-addict-to-self-made-millionaire.html
 ,Capitalism working as intended
 ,Evangelist (American Jihadi) Ass-hat. Couldn't happen to a nicer douche.
 ,Are they coming out with the MiAlmohada?
 ,More lying liars lying
 ,Holy shit THAT carnie motherfucker from the infomercials? God Trump's got a real crack team of supporters there...
 ,it's probably because those pillows SUCK and everyone is starting to realize it.
 ,He must have started smoking crack again.
 ,The My Pillow douche bag really should tuck in that crucifix.
 ,CEO salaries and a stock market in which the average American has no share is not an economic boom. I really wish more politicians would point this out.
 ,Lol oh he is one of those idiots.  Yeah god sent an adulterer liar and criminal to rule the US.  WTH is wrong with people?
 ,That guy is an alcoholic Trump supporting bag of shit
 ,Fined 1 million or more I believe and paid just under a million for years of false ads. And love Trump. Go figure. People like this gravitate to one another.
 ,sad for the employees.. but fuck the owner.
 ,Pillows are absolute garbage. Accidently stole one and don't even use it.
 ,But Hannity LOVES them!
 ,Shit product
 ,Don’t forget about AT&T as well those fuckers laid off a shit ton of field techs after giving employees a 1000 bonus. Apparently Trumps tax breaks allowed for this and they touted about that shit forever!  Also they are now contracting out those jobs!  Source: I was an AT&T rep.
 ,Haha! Glorious. Those people can probably do way better than that asshole and his shitty pillow racket.
 ,that picture though... Some cheese ball that sells his shitty warez on television gets facetime with the president of the united states giving thumbs up like he's offering free mustache rides.   &#x200B;  what the hell.
 ,I imagine the layoff is due to a drop in sales. Plus needs space for his new business competing with QVC etc. Maybe a bit of shark tank and getting a piece of companies he will promote?
 ,The only trickle down happening is coming from CEO's penises
 ,I think the guy is a total douchebag but to be honest I have one of the pillows and it is comfortable. I wash it often and have had no trouble. I bought it before I knew he was a Trump supporting nimrod though so he has my money and won't get any more. Also I do think that his commercials are really.good. Yeah they are annoying -- "Megan the My Pillow guy" but they are memorable and dorky enough that our family makes fun of them. If they were bad they would simply be forgettable.
 ,Fuck this guy and his commercials.
 ,Conmen are attracted to their own kind.
 ,That's strange -- I would think that the ultra-wealthy would step up and purchase thousands of pillows commensurate with their income levels. If you make 1000x as much as an average worker then you need 1000x the pillows right?
 ,He needs the money for his cocaine habit.
 ,Oh no - competition for Amazon....NOT!
 ,D’oh!  /s
 ,How long till he's back boozing and coking it up?
 ,He must have spent the extra cash on meth
 ,Well no kidding its a product people think of as a commodity. One asshole with a mustache isn't gonna change that for long.
 ,Ya but he is making more money so it is a boom.
 ,Where is this economic boom people keep mentioning?  I am making less money and paying more taxes!
 ,Who could've seen that coming? /s
 ,Trump Tax Cuts for Economic BUST maybe
 ,It's almost as if supply-side economics to total horse shit.
 ,Those pillows are shit-tier.    It's basically just like a bunch of broken styrofoam sewn up in a sack.
 ,>According to the statement he plans on launching an “online store for entrepreneurs and inventors to sell their products” called MyStore.com.   Sounds like that fraud business Matt Whitaker was involved with
 ,Don't blame the company. It's the top vs bottom capitalism system we live in.
 ,From Minnesota. Can tell you any product that comes out of St Cloud is shit because St Cloud is the Fox News Republican White Flight Exurb.
 ,Really?  Wow!
 ,Doesn't the CEO worship Trump?
 ,Now I understand what an economic boom under Trump is.
 ,That guy was genuinely a crack addict when he was coming up the pillow idea. Just putting that out there.
 ,all that winning....LOL
 ,All the money spent on gold cross pendants!
 ,This guy is literally the only person who didn't pull his ads from programs like Jeanine Pirro After she called a congresswoman an enemy of America.
 ,Thanks trump.
 ,The CEO is straight out of a *Parks and Rec* commercial.
 ,Gona get down voted but i love this style of pillow where its really mushy? I got one and my fiance had neck issue and got the firm one and she loves it. This guy us a scumbag though and if these pillows go bad i won't get another even though i like them.
 ,Well now I know not to buy a MyPillow
 ,I’ve been thinking about buying one of their pillows. Maybe I finally will
 ,The MyPillow guy likes to fuck his pillow at night.
 ,I JUST watched a Jaboody Dubs video of this pillow yesterday. Wtf Reddit!
 ,MyBankAccount
 ,Why would a tax cut increase wages or prevent hiring?   Also what does record profits have to do with raises and terminations.  It might be a wise decision to terminate these people even if they have record profits.
 ,with all the money they funnel into fox news they could have fucking saved those employees
 ,I wonder what that fucker did with his tax break? hmmmm...
 ,Yeah of course companies will invest some of the tax money in their business.  Just not employees.   They invest in automation.
 ,Damn Trump really "laid" our economy. #Winning
 ,Sounds like it's time to boycott mypillow.
 ,I like how he talks about that *deep* REM sleep in the commercials.
 ,Who would’ve seen this coming!
 ,I can only imagine the skeletons that guy has in his closet.
 ,He should eat one of HisPillows
 ,this is his patent. talk about knowing how to stuff things with bullshit.  Try reading this manuscript that is basically a leaf vacuum  sucking up other peoples foam waste.   [https://patents.google.com/patent/US7461424B2/en](https://patents.google.com/patent/US7461424B2/en)
 ,Garbage pillow guy loves Trump. Almost like there's a correlation here...
 ,I work in midtown Manhattan three blocks away from Grand Central so unlikely.
 ,the trump shit touch.
 ,When are people going to learn that just because republicans say trickledown economics work doesn’t mean that you still won’t get laid off regardless of how well a company is doing. If a company can get their taxes cut and pay off people to get an even bigger cut they are going to do it.
 ,Dont skip the part where the CEO got a massive bonus first which could have kept the company going.
 ,I guess the CEO's not sleeping that great at night.
 ,Are we really surprised that anyone who would praise Trump for anything would be a steaming pile of shit?
 ,So he's just like Trump says one thing knowing it's not true. All the while doing the opposite of what he said. They are both really bad magicians. Pay no attention to what my other hand is doing just listen to what I tell you.
 ,Where are all the Trump fans who want an American business that supports your values. They talk about it enough. I guess they are to busy buying cheaper pillows from the evil arch nemesis of Trump Jeff Bezos.
 ,The world discovered what a farce his horrible pillows are
 ,Hearing that douchebag company repped on AM800 4 times a day has always been grating.
 ,Uncle Jack...?
 ,Fuck I had a feeling about him when I first saw his commercials a few years back.
 ,The economic boom is for him not his employees.
 ,Neither Trump nor the tax cuts are relevant.  I'm surprised it took this long for a company called "MyPillow" to reach customer saturation.  Even if it's the greatest pillow anyone has ever owned word of mouth only goes so far before every American citizen willing and able to spend the money has spent the money.
 ,$50 for a shit pillow hope they go out of business.
 ,Sounds like the company I worked for.
 ,Lindell is hitting that glass pipe again..
 ,Instant karma gonna get ya!
 ,Fuck my pillow. That guy should suffocate by his own pillow
 ,I am Jack's complete lack of surprise.   Newsflash: if a company has to pay for a huge advertising campaign the money is coming from somewhere. Cheap labour and/or poor materials are two obvious spots to cheap out on. Just get a pillow at the store like everyone else.  I knew they had to be terrible pillows when I saw the advertising everywhere.
 ,Thumbs up for portfolio!!
 ,I heard he personally farts in every pillow he sends out.
 ,My dad got me these pillows. I thought it was weird the way he kept talking this guy up as some brilliant genius entrepreneur and how the pillow was the best pillow he'd ever used. Thought it was weird and accepted he gift graciously. Using it finally was ....underwhelming. Month later I saw it being constantly advertised on Fox news during Ingraham and I understood why he thought so highly of them. Even managed to regurgitate the commercial almost word for word.
 ,“Mike pull yourself together man because you need to start selling pillows.” - God.  [MyPillow](https://youtu.be/3alLlPjTX1I)
 ,"According to the statement he plans on launching an “online store for entrepreneurs and inventors to sell their products” called MyStore.com."  eBay? lol  I bet you after speaking with Trump he was given the "How to run a chain of companies into the ground while you stay rich."
 ,Didn't that guy get arrested for possession of crack?
 ,Wow just can't stop all this winning.
 ,My pillow sounds like ed a failing business
 ,Boom was good for profits. Not good enough. Need to cut out the underlings to increase money potential. Oh. Is this just how businesses are run co conservatives?  Maybe we should change that.
 ,I currently have a bet with my wife that within the next 5 years the MyPillow guy has a Jared Fogle moment where we find out he's some kind of perv.
 ,It’s because he switched from AMERICAN to Egyptian cotton. Curse of the mummy.
 ,Who the fuck thought 150 people worked for this “As Seen on TV” trashbag?
 ,Something something trickle down
 ,that guy looks like such a creeper.
 ,Of course it was a boom. Every company got a straight up 15% raise. And then they turn around and talk shit on us for asking for $15/hr.
 ,Ha ha ha  Ahhh fuck
 ,Im shocked a snake oil salesman is friends with trump.
 ,*Board Member 1:* Our profits are so high after that new corporate tax cut we got.  *Board Member 2:* If only there was a way to make our profits even higher.  *CEO*:* Why don't we just lay off 150 people and outsource their jobs and then we can pocket the difference?  *The rest of the Board agrees unanimously*
 ,Wow I guess they can go cry in "MyPillow"
 ,Apparently it takes more than 150 people to make a pillow? Wow
 ,You'd have to have rocks in your head to think those pillows are remotely comfortable.
 ,Family been in the pillow business for generations....and its widely known in the industry that Michael J. Lindell is a POS person. Also his pillows are so overpriced that is insane that people actually buy them.
 ,Photo looks like he's about to be biting the pillows he sells ..
 ,Trick-ass mark
 ,Couldn't have happened to a better person honestly
 ,Can you all provide a better reason for hating the guy other than you share the same state as him? Jesus. It’s all “can confirm: from Minnesota”
 ,Could both of these happen? Get big tax cut and buy a machine that replaces workers.
 ,how's this not off topic??? I guess it's anti trump so anything like that is ok here.
 ,Jesus a short pillow is now Trump's fault. You lunatics are pathetic.
 ,150 layoffs? Would this be a story in any way shape or form if he wasn’t a Trump supporter?
 ,150 minimum wage pillow making jobs compared to 263000 jobs added in april 2019 alone.  Unemployment at a 50 year low.  Bring on the bots and downvotes i’m loving it!
 ,This has nothing to do with Trump. The title should read "MyPillow lays off 150 workers as it prepares to reorganize and launch MyStore." But I guess spinning that to push a narrative that goes against what we know about economics is a good thing now.
 ,Shitty businesses are shifty businesses. He could be right about the tax cuts incentivizing business to invest and still have a shitty business. A good business climate doesn’t mean all businesses succeed. Only businesses that meet/exceed consumer expectations succeed in the long run. Trying to try his failure to the tax cuts makes no sense.
 ,Jeez. I got two of these pillows like 5 years ago. They aren't shitty and I can sleep on them just fine.  ITT: people shitting on pillows because the guy who makes them is bad and so it's in vogue.
 ,Definitely a bad look. Not as bad as Solyndra though.
 ,They were experiencing a boom until the Better Business Bureau dropped their rating from A+ to an F in what appears to be political targeting within weeks of them bragging about the Trump economy.
 ,Pretty sad that the media cheers the bad fortunes of private business just because they are Trump supporters.
 , As a reminder this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)  In general be courteous to others. Attack ideas not users. Personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.   If you see comments in violation of our rules please report them.  ***   *I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,This is how you pro-life.
 ,I took off 2 weeks (unpaid) when my son was born.  After the first week my boss called me and asked when I was coming back to work
 ,So unusual for politicians to actually do things to help people what a weirdo!
 ,Unusual?  There are entire countries that give 4x this much.  What is unusual is that the US is only one of 3 countries on Earth that do not offer any paid leave the others being Lesotho & Papua New Guinea.
 ,We can have 18 months in Canada ...
 ,Wait wait wait... you mean she wants to make it financial possible to be a parent to an infant?   Preposterous.
 ,What kind of country is this where people find it unusual to have 3 months paid parental leave?
 ,3 months?  "LOL where the rest" - Europe.
 ,Money where her mouth is. *This* is the democratic party I signed up.
 ,3 months? That's it? We usually get a year in Canada and it can be longer if needed.
 ,Now Georgia will introduce a bill to require woman to go back to work the day after they give birth.
 ,bUt PeOpLe WiLl HaVe KiDs To GeT oUt Of WoRk
 ,It is beyond insane that this is progressive. From a Norwegian currently enjoying 4 months of paternal leave( the missus was home for about 9 months as well) fully paid of course.
 ,When will AOC's socialist reign of tyranny end? She has gone too far this time. Respecting your employees' personal lives? Madness!!
 ,That’s amazing! Also kind of sad it isn’t the standard already
 ,Want to make it actually stick?   _Require it_. And not just for women. _Require_ men to take off 3 months of paid parental leave.
 ,'unusual' = 'humane'
 ,She is a monster!!     Just in case...../s
 ,Obviously paid paternal leave is a Hoxhaist plot to secretly build commie bunkers all over the greater Delmarva area. At home "taking care of the kids"? No! To the work camps with you while your children are dressed in grey jumpsuits and trained in Permanent Revolution.
 ,You will all hate me now but here in Sweden parents have about 9 months each to stay home with a newborn.
 ,/r/ABoringDystopia  We live in a world where a normal amount of parental leave is an 'unusual' policy.
 ,Unusual? A lot of other countries have 8 months leave sometimes even for the father too
 ,The monster! She’s destroying the country by treating her staff like they are ‘*valued*’ human beings. It will destroy our whole way of life!  /r
 ,Im a father to a baby girl in Canada and I was able to take 8 months of parental leave. I cannot imagine the system in the states where even mothers don’t legally get any parental leave.   The social stigma that it hurts business and that it’s lazy to go on parental leave is just crazy to me.
 ,Every one of her "extreme" views is just something every other Western democracy has been doing. For decades. And none of them are in ruin.
 ,Right wing attacks on her in 3...2...
 ,Lol my wife got a paid year.
 ,Canadian here: she's my second favourite American person ever. First being my Yankee wife.
 ,In a lot of civilized countries parents get 9 months or more paid leave. It used to be always woman who gets the leave and as such had a harder time getting a good job but I'm recent years more and more men are starting to take their part of the leave making choice of workforce much more equal
 ,In WA state we now have up to 12 weeks of paid medical leave which includes parental leave. It's state paid medical leave based on your income funded by a payroll deduction. My husband and I are trying to have a baby and I will qualify for \~70% of my income on this program which takes a LOT of stress off of planning for that. The amount withheld from my check each paycheck is less than $2.
 ,My friends in Japan pay about $150 month for full time daycare. The daycare teachers have actual degrees. America is broken.
 ,I was allowed 5 days off when my daughter was born.
 ,In Russia women get 18 months of paid maternal leave.
 ,The sweet girl who I work beside in Canada just took 12 months to be with her new baby. I wouldn't have it any other way and I am more than happy to pay more tax so this is the case.
 ,3 Months? That it?  My wife took 9 months off - *full pay* \- she's thinking about taking 12 months off for the next one.
 ,Jesus.  As a Canadian this is a goddamn travesty.  Canadian couples can take a combined year off - so the woman can take the first 6 months while the dad takes the next 6 - or they can both take 6 months off together or one can take the full year.  And they are guaranteed a job at the end of it.  And they get paid - I believe it's through Employment Insurance so it may not be at full pay (can someone proof me on this?  I have no kids so I don't know the details)  3 months is goddamn short but I'm sure republicans will call her an evil socialist for it - or some other bullshit.
 ,Unusual in America.
 ,We need to keep AOC in office!
 ,This isn't 'unusual' or radical outside of the states
 ,Its a year in Canada
 ,Your healthcare and your parental leave policies amaze me. In Poland shitty post-communist eastern-european country you get 26 weeks paid 100% that can be split between parents. Dads additionally get 2 weeks paid 100% just after the kid is born to support their wives. Then you can take further 32 weeks paid 60% which you can take in chunks until your kid turns 6.
 ,Was talking with a friend whose wife was about to give birth. He said his job's official policy for paternal leave was 2 months or something but they kept telling him "Most people are back within a couple weeks." Just heavily implying that he should not take any longer and if he did it would be viewed negatively by the company. Fucked up.
 ,I’m ending the last week of my three weeks paid parental leave and not sure how next week will go leaving my partner at home with the baby. She’s on the verge of a breakdown and cries every time she thinks of me going back to work. Legally I can take as much unpaid time off as I need but unfortunately that isn’t financially realistic for us.  I feel incredibly lucky to have been given even that much since most people don’t get any I can’t imagine how anyone is expected to go back to work immediately.
 ,That woman is all kinds of amazing. I can't wait until she's president.
 ,Look out everyone a young talented latina is showing us by example how to treat your staff... let me guess the sky will start falling any minute isn’t that right nancy fuckface pelosi?
 ,In Germany you can take years. And you get a job back. I'd gladly pay more taxes to work like this for families.
 ,excellent. when is she running for president. I will vote for her.
 ,Norway has almost 1 year of paid parental leave. Crazy to think the US has none as far as I understand?
 ,I had an employee who had complications in her pregnancy and she ended up being ordered to bed rest in the hospital with three months to go. Despite all she was going through she begged to be allowed to work from her hospital bed because she couldn't afford not to even though her retired Marine husband worked full time as a cop AND had a side business. The company agreed to let her work but I made sure she had little to nothing to do whenever possible. She was back in her desk 1 week after giving birth prematurely. No one should have to do this. It makes me sick.
 ,That's barbaric.   Should be at least a year.
 ,My (US)  job gives a month paid leave to fathers and mothers.  Suck it peasants.
 ,My employer gave me this exact same benefit. 3 months off 100%  paid. No disability no 60% bullshit. I even got our quarterly bonus. I'm in the States too.  Edit: I work for comcast. The benefits are AMAZING. 6% match on a 401k amazing health/dental/vision stock purchase program for employees at a 15% discount off lowest traded price of the quarter   and my cable and internet bill is rediculous. Every channel 5 boxes gigabit internet and my bill is $50. I pay for equipment and nothing else.
 ,I think we can all (hopefully) agree about looking forward to the day this incredible human feels ready to run for office.
 ,"What a monster ! " - Republicans
 ,(Psst in Canada it’s upwards of 18 months.)
 ,Every time I read stuff like this I wonder how the fuck you can live in a country that treats its citizens with utter contempt.   This should be a happy story but the fact that people are celebrating a measly 3 months makes this fucking heartbreaking.   Fix your country.
 ,Unusual. Unless you live in Europe.
 ,It completely boggles my mind that all Americans cannot take parental leave!  In Ontario Canada any person that can take up to 63 weeks of parental leave. No wonder your country is full of crazies you don't even get to fully bond with your children during the first year of their life!   Just crazy!
 ,I don’t like AOC but credit where it’s due.  That’s pretty cool and good on her.
 ,this is great for her staff but it also shows how these politicians can make meaningful change without having to fight through bureaucracy.   And the thing is now the question is going to be "Why aren't more congress people doing this for their staff?"  And also AOC is thinking about these things. She legitimately wants to help people make their lives better.   Meanwhile you have democrats like Biden who think Trump is an "aberration" of the republican party. Does anyone think Biden has the welfare of people in mind? No he just wants to drive the bus. He doesn't care if the passengers have a good quality ride he just cares that it arrives on time.
 ,Considering she's given an allowance by the government to pay her staff you can't compare this to a regular business doing or not doing the same.
 ,Oh wow interesting that "unusual" is the word used to describe basic decency.
 ,My last employer offered 3 months paternity leave and 6 months paid maternity leave. They were also a bank. Until recently I had no idea this was a rarity.
 ,If the Right particularly the Alt Right actually cared about birth rates & replacement these would be the policies they would be advocating for.
 ,If you want to know more about AOC and her grass roots campaign(and other candidates like her) I highly recommend Knock Down The House
 ,Equally to both men and women. Good stuff AOC
 ,When you think about our whole industrially revolutionized society has completely abandoned community. Human existence raised families before we had to punch a clock or 9-5 a desk and the world didn't end. All our industrial and technological advances should be additional and complimentary to sustaining our lives.
 ,Where will this madness end? Dignity for the elderly? How dare she do more than superficially signal virtue? Doesn't she understand that politics is about selling your soul to corporations and helping the richest in society scrape by?
 ,Still a joke. I couldn't imagine dropping my 3 month off at daycare.
 ,Wow what a crazy dumb unhinged politician for practicing what she's preaching and enacting a policy that helps her staff  &#x200B;  /s
 ,I'll admit to being ignorant on where the money comes from that she uses to pay her staff?  Anybody willing to do a ELI5 on it?
 ,Unusual in America? Sure. Demonstrates her commitment to workers rights? Absolutely
 ,What a monster.
 ,Damn her and Bernie are going to take all top Democratic aides.
 ,She’s so amazing.
 ,*confused swedish noises* (480 days for one child)
 ,In Ireland it's 24-48 weeks paid leave by law. 3 months is a step in the right direction for American but is in now way a new thing. The first year of person's life is the most important.
 ,That's a bit of a sensationalist title.   The fact is it is unusual in the US. A title like "**AOC puts her money where her mouth is on Parental Leave**" would be more accurate and connotate a stronger position.
 ,I got 18 weeks myself here in NYC. Paid.
 ,Other countries be like "*That's* progressive?"
 ,As an American who received 16 weeks for paternal leave I can genuinely say that time was the single greatest and most necessary experience of my life.
 ,Huh. It seems some people talk MAGA... and some people **do** MAGA.
 ,Europe has the right idea on time off for employees. We Americans realize to late how soon we die.
 ,It still shocking to me that the United States has such minimal maternity and parental leave policies. North of the border you get 50 - 76 weeks of maternity...  &#x200B;  Newborns are so floppy ... I find it surprising Americans are willing to trust their little kids to strangers at that age.
 ,It's mental this is considered unusual you get upto a year off here in the UK - I think around 6 months at full rate then it drops down for the remainder.
 ,Another one of those "this is normal" in most other developed nations. Embarrassing America.
 ,You guys don't get Any paid parental leave? What do you deliver over the weekend?
 ,Wow we got longer than that we’re I’m from.   And that’s been the norm for a long time
 ,Doesn't the Gates Foundation provide one year of paid parental leave? We can do better.
 ,America is so backwards. Most "socialist" countries have been giving many paid months off to new parents.
 ,Isn't a system like this the norm in other countries. FUCK are we backwards man!!!
 ,Humans would call this "morals".
 ,What's great is that this is parental leave not just maternity leave.  &#x200B;  Don't get me wrong I would gladly accept maternity leave alone over nothing in any case but parental leave has a lot of advantages. It helps break down cultural stereotypes about parenting and helps reduce work place inequalities; a woman who has 3 kids basically has a year less experience than a male colleague who has the same if there is only leave for women.
 ,I (a male) had a full year of parental leave for each of my kids 18 years ago in Canada.  This country is very far behind the rest of the developed world in so very many ways.
 ,Just had a baby 8 days ago. I get 4 weeks off (my own vacation/sick leave) due to not having worked for my company a full year yet. So I'm not eligible for FMLA (which isn't even maternity leave it's just unpaid time off). I also get 2 weeks of work from home simply because I'm one of the supervisors. I'm sore I'm exhausted and the thought of having to leave my baby after only 6 weeks makes me burst into tears every time. Our country is absolute shit when it comes to taking care of families.
 ,Does this apply to men who want the option to take it while their wife works?
 ,And all other G10 countries have up to a year. America has some really weird idea of what socialism is. How the believe countries like Canada Great Britain and Germany are some kind of socialist hell holes.
 ,3 months?  WTF?  In Canada you get at least a year.
 ,Anything business wont like is "communist".  So.. will be labeled as communist.    America is truly a corporat-ocracy. https://20somethingfinance.com/american-hours-worked-productivity-vacation/
 ,I feel like I am used to her havving some radical ideas and wanting to say okay just cool it there. but umm this should be a given. Why the hell are we not here yet.
 ,Here in Brazil the law is 2 or 3 months (don’t remember). We voluntarily give 6 months to our employees (we are a small company).
 ,That’s nice. My wife is on month 6 of her 18 month paid parental leave.
 ,Executive branch employees have no parental leave.
 ,Damn if this was me I'd never be on team pullout ever again.
 ,What the heck kind of phrasing is this.
 ,This is the best tl;dr I could make [original](https://www.cnbc.com/2019/05/10/ocasio-cortez-latest-unusual-policy3-months-of-paid-parental-leave.html) reduced by 51%. (I'm a bot) ***** > &quot;Equal pay at work is about SO much more than the salary you offer. If you give dads less paid parental leave than moms you&#039;re contributing to the pay gap. If you see pregnancy or family as a workplace obstacle you&#039;re contributing to the pay gap&quot; she tweeted adding that her office allows parents to bring their kids to work and allows new parents to use her personal office for breast pumping and feeding new children.  > Currently the Family and Medical Leave Act requires public agencies offer their employees 12 weeks of unpaid leave but it is up to discretion of each individual member of congress how much paid time off they provide.  > As a result the amount of time new parents working in Congress can take off varies widely from office to office.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/bn1jby/aoc_introduces_her_latest_unusual_policy3_months/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02 ~399081 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **leave**^#1 **office**^#2 **paid**^#3 **time**^#4 **family**^#5
 ,I agree with her here but that’s about it. I’m fortunate enough to work for a company that does the standard 6 week leave but for both mothers and fathers. This needs to be a federally mandated perk and definitely more than 6 weeks.
 ,Could AOC employ all of us so we could have some decent benefits.
 ,That's not even great
 ,I am native German. You get 2 years parental leave and man and woman can split the time if desired.  Just as a comparison.   AOC is on the right path.
 ,Burnt all my PTO at the start of the year in 2017 for that "paternity" leave.  Because who needs that extra time for the rest of the year for doctor's visits...or care time at home?  This system is so fucked up glad I only have one child and I'm "snipped" especially with the direction this country is going.
 ,That's not particularly abnormal among Hill offices (or private sector ones for that matter).  Offices tend to crib each others' policies so it's pretty common on the Hill.   I've worked in one (and know of others) where the parental leave policy is not one time.   The one I'm thinking of was (probably still is) 10 weeks and not 12 but you got it every year.  Kid's born you get 10 weeks but you also later on get to use all that when the kid's sick for teacher conferences for docs' appointments for field trip chaperoning etc.
 ,Would upvote more if I could
 ,The fact that this is even remotely considered unusual is one of the problems that we have in this country. We claim to be pro family and yet when it comes to giving mothers time off with their kids it’s a big fuck you from industry and anyone else who stands to lose any dollars. Put your money where your mouth is conservative twats. Seriously if anybody should be behind this issue it should be you but all we hear is silence and give birth to babies if you’re raped at age 11. Do you know that Jesus would hate you so bad he wouldn’t even look at you? I’m sorry but that’s the truth. Stop pretending to be a Christian and deal and shit.
 ,The family-values people should like something like this a realized opportunity to bond with the new member of their family.
 ,Walk the walk!
 ,That's nice. That's one way you can encourage high birth rates.
 ,That doesn’t sound very socialist
 ,That monster!
 ,\>Unusual?  No.  \>Progressive?  Yes.
 ,**FULL COMMUNISM**  ^/s
 ,Anyone who is trying to raise the US up to First World status deserves your support.
 ,3 months is maternity leave is laughably short in most of the developed world
 ,It’s shocking how many people are anti-abortion but do not wish for the child to be cared for after it’s born.   It’s shocking how people are pissed over their tax dollars to support mothers yet are okay with how many millions are spent on Trump’s golf trips.
 ,This is how you lead and inspire. Elder Democrats take note.
 ,After this she needs to start buying groceries for her staff! Eating in DC is $$$.
 ,Daily reminder that Hillary Clinton's big agenda proposals was paid family leave had she become president . It would probably have been implemented by now.  But ya know.... *butterymales*
 ,Unusual to America where you’re forced to work unpaid hours and never take time off.
 ,Green Bill proposal was marvelous!
 ,Microsoft offers the same benefit. It’s awesome!
 ,Hey its me your employee.
 ,I'm from the USA and now living in Europe. Here it is standard at all places of business when a woman gets pregnant she has the opportunity of being on leave for the next 1-3 years only half pay during this time but all clothing/formula is provided and once your leave is done your job is still REQUIRED to be there.  If only back home we had some sort of system that would assist everyone universally with helping to car for them...
 ,Can you imagine being a dad and getting to be a stay-at-home parent for your infant after your wife got her paid time off? Fucking incredible.
 ,If she keeps this up her staff will have all the time they need in about 3 years. Use your platform to make real change!
 ,Per kid ?
 ,Is she hiring? She’s probably one of the only proverbial good guys left
 ,I’m a US citizen working for a US company and I’m on month two of my three-month paid PATERNITY leave after my wife gave birth. Our first child I got nothing (different company). I am grateful for my current company’s policy and I hope this kind of thing becomes mandated. Until then only the very poor and very rich will continue to have children but not the middle.
 ,Why is she encouraging the planet-ruining breeders?
 ,3 months wow. Should be more.
 ,commie! jk this is america ( how it should be first three months is so important to bond and care)
 ,Baby steps America.   In my country the state covers 12 months for every parent.
 ,I live in Trinidad which trump supporters would consider a shithole and we get 14 weeks by law.   Mothers often tack on some vacation leave to get an extra month or so.
 ,Is she single
 ,It's a start! Good!
 ,[deleted]
 ,She truly is a blessing!
 ,What’s a garbage disposal?
 ,Living wage parental leave what is she a tech startup trying to retain talent?!
 ,Lemme just sort by controversial to see how anyone could feel some sort of way about all of this...
 ,The same people who would pass "heartbeat bills" to protect embryos and fetuses would be the loudest voices opposing maternity leave. Case in point: On Fox Business they were debating a $2 Million price tag on a drug to save dying babies; and of course they thought that was a reasonable free-market solution.  [Preborn = Good. Preschool = Fucked](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OXxGaQz8Io)
 ,"Champagne pops"  Welcome to first world countries America!  "Canada and France hugs America while UK still sulks in the corner for some reason"
 ,Why is it unusual? That is standard in Australia
 ,Maybe it's the American in me but 3 months PAID seems generous to the point of being unrealistic.                      I'd leave work at 2-3 am and then take care of my infant in the AM. Sleep deprivation was just that part of my life.
 ,If I don’t have kids can I get a week per dog? Better cap that off though catch me with 60 dogs.
 ,I received 1 month paternity leave fully paid from my company in Seattle Washington. Only received 2 emails I feel I needed to respond to. The time off was amazing and should be standard for all.
 ,Healthcare and parental leave are two thing I shake my head at America for not doing a better job at. It is insane that parrents get no time off when they have kids. Govenment on both sides needs to stop talking about the importance of family and put their money where their mouth is. Fuck it's not even hard to pay for it make it a benefit tied to social security.
 ,Such a weirdo socialist. How can you be so logical AOC?
 ,It’s very easy to give great benefits for staff when you aren’t running a business... She pays for her staffs benefits WITH OUR TAX DOLLARS. If she had to actually pay the bill herself..hah. You guys are idiots.
 ,Well its not her money what does she care?
 ,This thread is surprisingly bare of the usual AOC is crazy lol!” Comments by right wing idiots who think common sense policies are insane while following that shitheel Trump around. Guess they know their party is in the wrong here and there’s no way to spin this.
 ,Butterfly [actually treating your staff like humans]  GOP: Is this [socialism]?
 ,My son was born on a Tuesday and I was back in the office the following Wednesday. My boss told me “take as much time as you need”. When I came back he told me I burned through all my vacation days and he had to dock my salary. Fuck that guy.
 ,So I understand that reps have money set aside for staff salary and benefits but it doesn't sound like this would cover that and the living wage.  How is she paying for this?
 ,Wow 3 for the mother or father? Because where i live you get 2 years and still get paid around 60-80% of your salary when on maternal leave.
 , cOmMuNisT!!!1
 ,It's for males *and* females but I just know some fuckin asshole is going to make this about female privilege.
 ,How about she give everyone 3 months of PTO regardless if they have kids or not?   I’m not having kids you’re welcome planet earth and I would love to have 3 months off doesn’t even have to be all at once.
 ,AOC enjoys the fact that Republicans and right wing media give her so much attention. AOC gets a lot of free publicity. I like that she is pushing the country more left. It is a fact that because of technology and computers we are a lot more productive but because of Reaganomics we all earn a lot less money until we are in the top 1%. I think that the 99% movement was a good idea but a bunch of bums living on Wall Street was stupid lol I have hope a lot of hope I am not cynical at all even.... I think that Congress will do its job and start to impeach Trump and I think that we will all vote for Democrats but also that we will weed out the bad people who claim to be Democrats and are bad people. I have faith in us don't let me down!
 ,Good policy in general.  But when half my team went on paternity (not maternity leave) leave at the same time (seriously did you guys like plan this?!) for 6 weeks at my job things were rough. I was lonely.
 ,Shit ..i wouldnt know what to do with 3 months. I mean i would find shit to do but 2 weeks and i run out of household projects. This is in addition to the baby. They do sometimes sleep
 ,God damn communist!
 ,In my opinion the government has no business to be enforcing companies to give paid leave to they employees. This issue should be left up to companies to decide. Sorry some positions just can't remain yours if you want months worth of paid leave...
 ,Imagine if she personally had to pay for their leave? I have no philosophical problem with the policy but it’s convenient when you just bring the bill to the government to pay for it.
 ,I’d have Irish twins and only work half the year.
 ,So tax dollars pay for someone to not work?
 ,how many of her staff are actually pregnant?
 ,This totally isn't going to destroy the economy.
 ,That's an office policy. Not a legislative proposal.  This just in some random LLC in New Mexico offers 4 months maternity leave.  Not news
 ,This is not unusual at all.  If you play your cards right you could get 3 paid months off every year!
 ,If AOC chooses to offer that perk to her employees in order to make working for her seem more attractive to skilled people who plan to have children more power to her! And more power to any business which chooses to offer that or any other incentive package. But it should not be a mandate. Such a policy would be devastating to small businesses which would lose good workers regularly and not be able to compete with larger businesses that can just shuffle people around to make up for the loss of productivity.
 ,why not just three months of paid leave? i’m never having kids. where’s my perk?  we don’t need different benefits and welfare programs for different people who have different qualifications. quit the foreplay and get to the fucking: ditch the benefits and welfare programs (that cost a ton of money to manage and breed resentment) and implement universal basic income and universal healthcare. want a maternity leave? universal basic income. want food stamps? universal basic income. want an obamaphone? universal basic income. no more worrying about who’s getting whatever and why i’m not — you’re all getting the same shit whether you want it or not. we’re supposed to be living in the fucking jetsons by now. I WANT MY ROBOT MONEY!  edit: since most people want the federal minimum wage set at $15.00 set the federal minimum wage at $7.50 and the (untaxed) universal basic income at $1250 per active social security number per month — $1250/month is 40 hrs X 50 weeks X $7.50/hr all divided by 12 months. even pay minors who will get the accumulated money paid out in installments beginning at the age of 18 so they have something to start out life with. ditch standard deductions and all that other income tax bullshit. flat tax sales and tax on goods and services (including on wages and salaries) and tax the crap out of capital gains like flipping stocks and real estate. want to bring money good or services into the unites states? tax that shit too.
 ,I dont have kids and wont.  So how many paid 3 months vacations do I get?
 ,I'm curious how much paid leave people who can't/won't have kids get?  I don't understand why people who \*choose\* to reproduce think they're entitled to paid vacations.    "Oh but raising kids is so hard!!!"    No it really isn't that hard.  People have been doing it for thousands of generations.  And no one made these people have kids.
 ,Why should you be allowed to demand to inconvenience other people just because you make a personal decision to reproduce?
 ,Either there are very few pregnant people working for her OR she isn't going to get much done as her staff will be vacationing during much of her 2 year term.....
 ,This right here. This is what suckers liberals in.  The current LAW is that you are entitled to 12 weeks of (unpaid) maternity leave. So MOTHERS on her staff are gone 12 weeks no matter what. Where is the BILL to update this LAW for everybody? Where is the part where she actually does her job as a legislator and enacts legislation? Nowhere. She has no intention of giving this to the rest of us. This is just a publicity stunt just like the Green New Deal was.  Edit: OH WAIT. Looking further into this it turns out that this is actually a program MANDATED BY NEW YORK STATE LAW for private employers that public employers are able to opt into! So this isn't actually "unusual" so much as "mandatory for 90% of her constituents"
 ,Sounds great but she’s going to end up paying for this.  Or more likely her *constituents* are going to end up paying.  With bad service.  What most of you don’t know about Capitol Hill is that the staffers run the place.  And the staffers run on free food free alcohol sex drugs and money.  And the money *sucks*.  It’s a vicious place and everyone is always looking to advance up the ladder or off the Hill onto K St.  While it’s great that interns are getting paid that’s less money to hire competent staff much less retain them.  You get what you pay for.
 ,Honsetly I think she is an idiot beyond comparison. But I'm conflicted because I like the fact there is not another bureaucrat not so same as same in the past. Idk what's  worse? But I am a fan of paid parental leave and her (as I've heard) more recent bill of 15% cap on credit cards.
 ,AOC is a fraud  don’t fall for it.  Ask detailed questions.   Hear what she doesn’t tell you.
 ,I like AOC but this should be 6 months at the minimum
 ,It's really easy to spend the money of other people.
 ,She's gonna grit her teeth and fake smile every time she needs that critical staffer.  If my company could do without me for 12 weeks I'd scorn them for wasting money and worry about my job security.
 ,Fuck parental leave. If you have a kid it's your choice. Use your vacation time. I've been shafted so many times having to do someone else's work for two months because they chose to breed.  &#x200B;  P.S. And no companies hardly ever hire temps. We're all just expected to suck it up.
 ,For a father two weeks should be *more* than enough.
 ,Its great when YOU dont have to pay for it.  &#x200B;  This would kill any mom and pop shops.  They hardly are able to afford a few workers but then be forced to pay workers for time off?  &#x200B;  Workers are protected under FMLA anyways.
 ,How nice of her to pay them out of her own tax payers pocket
 ,great punishing the people that decide not to have kids
 ,Well she isn’t paying for it
 ,Did she learn what a garbage disposal is yet? The fact y'all think she will take you to the promise land is hilarious. Go ahead and DV instead of having productive conversation. I know the reason it happens and that's b/c you can't. She doesn't know how unemployment works she doesn't know the branches of the government she doesn't even know what a garbage disposal is among countless other blunders..... man if she were a Republican ya'll would be raking her over the coals.  &#x200B;  OK DV away b/c I talked shit about your queen
 ,Easy when she’s not the one paying for it lmao
 ,it's easy to do when she's not the one who has to shell out that money. not so easy when it comes to small businesses.
 ,This woman could very well be the worst thing to happen to this country
 ,It would be nice if Democrats actually started working for the American people instead of giving themselves perks prioritizing illegals and bitching about Trump 24/7.
 ,Three fucking months paid would bankrupt damn near every company. People have kids. That’s fine. As a society we should recognize that. But employees also have to work. That’s what makes our society function and allows us to be able to pay people. If you’re a small business and 10% of your staff is doing 0% of their work at full pay and retirement and health I can’t see how any company can continue to exist.  Look I totally want 149 months of paid vacation after working eight hours on a job. But I also understand that’s not possible.   We can have employee benefits without actually treating companies like they’re evil and need to be destroyed. The reason we’re manufacturing so much stuff in Third World countries isn’t because they have three months of paid paternity. It’s because they’re damn close to slave labor.  To make things better for employees you have to also make them good for companies that hire employees. It’s a balance. Otherwise we’re going to continue to lose jobs to cheaper labor markets.  For the record I’m not a business owner or employee any longer. I’m not even on paternity leave. I’m self employed employed and my only employee sucks. Actually I do hire contractors now and then. And I found that almost universally I will go to overseas to hire people. Simply because they cost a lot less. If you have to staff a coffee shop obviously you can’t go to Singapore. But if you need accounting or payroll or computer programming or animation employers can go to the Internet and spec out that job to anyone on earth. You’re not just competing with people in your local city any longer. Youre competing with the planet. That’s a fact of life now.  And no one else has three months of paternity leave that you’re competing with.
 ,Stuff like this has a name - a benefit. Perfect for employers to offer benefits like healthcare and paid leave. But it shouldn’t be mandatory but left to individual business to decide to offer these.
 ,People who don't have children should receive equal benefits.
 , As a reminder this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)  In general be courteous to others. Attack ideas not users. Personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.   If you see comments in violation of our rules please report them.  ***   *I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,The fact that he declined should be the headline of the day.
 ,>White House officials asked at least twice in the past month for the key witness against President Trump in the Mueller report Donald F. McGahn II to say publicly that he never believed the president obstructed justice according to two people briefed on the requests.  And when he didn't Giuliani openly declared war against him. [From April 22:](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/04/22/us/politics/mcgahn-trump-attacks.html)  >**Mr. Giuliani acknowledged that he was amping up attacks on Mr. McGahn** in an attempt to undermine the Mueller report as Democrats called for their congressional leaders to use it as a basis for impeachment proceedings. The Democrat-led House Judiciary Committee subpoenaed Mr. McGahn on Monday to testify next month and hand over documents. **“We have no choice but to attack** because the Democrats say there is impeachable material here” Mr. Giuliani said.  Mueller had to wrap up at some point but the obstruction never ended. It continues to this very moment.
 ,>**The White House made one of the requests to Mr. McGahn’s lawyer William A. Burck before the Mueller report was released publicly but after the Justice Department gave a copy to Mr. Trump’s lawyers to read.** Reading the report the president’s lawyers saw that Mr. Mueller had left out that Mr. McGahn had told investigators that he believed Mr. Trump never obstructed justice.  Hmmm...
 ,Isn’t that also ... obstruction of justice?
 ,> White House officials believed that Mr. McGahn asserting his belief publicly would calm the president   lol
 ,This is literally obstruction. They make it look so easy!
 ,Trump is blatantly commiting Obstruction of Justice to cover up him obstructing justice.  Just like Giuliani blantently going to conspire with a hostile foreign power to affect the outcome of the US elections after saying no one conspiraced with a hostile foreign power to affect the outcome of the US elections.....
 ,Dudes straight up addicted to obstruction.
 ,This. Shit. Is. Not. Normal.
 ,> Mr. Trump has said that there is no reason for Mr. McGahn to speak with congressional investigators because he had cooperated so extensively with Mr. Mueller’s team  Sooo. You want him to speak if he’s going to say there was not obstruction but he shouldn’t if he doesn’t... okay. More obstruction.
 ,Wow this would be clear evidence of obstruction for any other president except ours and this is only a drop in the bucket of the many pieces of evidence we already have. I'm not even astounded anymore by this constitutional crisis just getting more and more frustrated every passing day.
 ,Since laws don't matter anymore am I to assume we can do whatever the fuck we want now? Because I know I guy who's been dying to snort coke off a cheap hooker's ass but he's been too afraid to because you know  laws and stuff. Just curious.
 ,Hahaha I love this quote:  >	“I’ve had him testifying already for 30 hours and it’s really — so I don’t think I can let him and then tell everybody else you can’t” Mr. Trump said in an interview with Fox News last week. “Especially him because he was a counsel so they’ve testified for many hours all of them many many many people. I can’t say ‘Well one can and the others can’t.’ I would say it’s done.”  His reasoning makes it seem like he’s telling one of his kids he can’t have more ice cream because his siblings will want more too.
 ,That sounds remarkably like subornation of perjury
 ,"I DECLARE... NON-OBSTRUCTIONCY!!!!"  "Don don that's not how any of this works."
 ,Obstructing justice about obstructing justice. It's just criminal behavior all the way down.
 ,It’s insane to me how an administration could be this bad. They aren’t even good at committing crimes!
 ,"Don I need you to totally clear the President. Thank you!"
 ,This  Is  Obstruction  Of  Justice
 ,Because that's what an innocent man does. 100% very legal very absolutely not cool.
 ,This is Meta Obstruction of Justice
 ,Because that's totally what an innocent man would do right?
 ,*The president’s lawyers are particularly concerned about two episodes that Mr. McGahn detailed to prosecutors. In one Mr. Trump asked him to fire the special counsel but backed off after Mr. McGahn refused.* Actually according to the Mueller report they backed off after McGahn threatened to resign.
 ,And he declined.
 ,He just can't stop.
 ,Republicans don’t care about the previous ten cases of obstruction so I’m guessing this one isn’t going to be a difference maker for them.
 ,Nothing to see here. Hey whatabout a war with Iran?
 ,"Since approximately 6PM today" said the lawyer "Fat Don has not to the best of my knowledge obstructed justice. Before then who can say?"
 ,They asked him twice and he declined. Another good scoop by NYT
 ,Consciousnesses of guilt clearly established.
 ,Wait that’s illegal.
 ,"I didn't say it I *declared* it!"
 ,The people of the future will be slack-jawed at how this was all able to happen. You couldn't make an "All the Presidents Men" type movie about this era in politics; nobody would take it seriously.
 ,Real news. Fake president.
 ,*Stephen Miller beats someone with a shovel in front of cameras* TELL THEM I'M NOT BEATING YOU
 ,...And he said no. I wonder why?  /s
 ,Word to the wise; NEVER EVER go to bat for Trump because he'll toss you under the bus as fast as he can.
 ,This is the best tl;dr I could make [original](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/05/10/us/politics/mcgahn-trump-obstruction.html) reduced by 57%. (I'm a bot) ***** > May 10 2019.WASHINGTON - White House officials asked at least twice in the past month for the key witness against President Trump in the Mueller report Donald F. McGahn II to say publicly that he never believed the president obstructed justice according to two people briefed on the requests.  > The White House made one of the requests to Mr. McGahn&#039;s lawyer William A. Burck before the Mueller report was released publicly but after the Justice Department gave a copy to Mr. Trump&#039;s lawyers to read. Reading the report the president&#039;s lawyers saw that Mr. Mueller had left out that Mr. McGahn had told investigators that he believed Mr. Trump never obstructed justice.  > The episode shows the lengths the White House has gone to around the release of the Mueller report to push back on the notion that Mr. Trump obstructed justice.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/bn52x6/white_house_asked_mcgahn_to_declare_trump_never/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02 ~399139 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **Trump**^#1 **House**^#2 **White**^#3 **Mueller**^#4 **report**^#5
 ,While obstructing justice justice obstructer obstructs justice for intent purpose of obstructing justice. Said justice obstructer constitutionally  obligated to not obstructing justice.
 ,Oh look! More obstruction!
 ,Yo dawg I heard you like obstruction of justice so I put some obstruction of justice into your obstruction of justice investigation.
 ,Trump cult: "Okay cool"
 ,wTF so barr lied when he said he didn t discuss the report with the white house before it was released...when he GAVE the fucking report to trumps lawyers before it was released  Are you f ing kidding me
 ,Say the words Bart!
 ,You can't just declare shit. Facts are facts ffs.
 ,Add it to the fucking pile.
 ,Muellers may 15th testimony is going to be wild. Can’t wait for Gym Jordan to grill him on what hillary is up to
 ,*What if I obstructed an investigation into my obstruction?*  So far working pretty good but those things usually work until they don't.
 ,LMAO this fucking guy never stops breaking the fucking law. He gets caught obstructing justice then he obstructs again by trying to tell the star witness to say he didn’t obstruct justice. This is what happens when no one is held accountable. He is going to keep doing the same thing again and again unless dems grow a backbone and impeach his ass!
 ,Irony so thick you could use it as a lubricant.
 ,Well at least we’ve solved the worlds energy problem. Infinite obstruction of justice  feedback loop. Let’s harness it
 ,This is how we know that team orange idiot is lying when they claim that they welcome an impeachment fight.
 ,Gives hope that he'll testify.
 ,Just lie. That's what the president of the United States of America would do.
 ,"You can be loyal or you can be honest you can't be both!" - Trump probably...
 ,Asking him to commit perjury is a crime. /s
 ,Sounds like...obstruction of justice.
 ,Can someone post the Tyler the Creator imagine for me? I think I belongs here
 ,Obstruction on the obstruction.
 ,Lmao this really is stupid watergate
 ,Meta
 ,This White House is full of some of the dumbest people on the planet.
 ,Sounds more like dictation. We haven't surrendered to dictatorship. Yet.
 ,Witness tampering.
 ,That’s something an innocent person would do *rolls eyes*
 ,When this all shakes out assuming no new facts come up Don McGahn will still have a career in Washington.  Heck he might even be AG for some future GOP fuckstick president.  But a lot of these guys in Cult45 should probably learn a trade because they are going to end up blacklisted from the public sector.    Here’s hoping they get to learn that trade in a correctional institution.
 ,FYI the Wall Street Journal broke the story first but they're blacklisted on r/politics now.   https://www.wsj.com/articles/don-mcgahn-rebuffed-white-house-request-to-say-trump-didnt-obstruct-justice-11557525630
 ,NYT is still in business? Their real news dept closed a long time ago.
 , As a reminder this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)  In general be courteous to others. Attack ideas not users. Personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.   If you see comments in violation of our rules please report them.  ***   *I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,Keep turning those screws...
 ,This is a fight worth fighting. Don't let your president* turn America into a fascist nation by rewriting/ignoring "the law" as he pleases.
 ,So the question becomes if Mnuchin and Rettig ignore the subpoenas who holds them in contempt?  Who has the power to enforce a congressional subpoena?  I suspect if we're expecting the current administration to honor the rule of law we are in for some disappointment...
 ,Can we just skip straight to contempt?
 ,Keep fighting democrats. Don’t let up. This is exactly what we want.
 ,Damn straight. Just like with Jerry Nadler  Ask  Ask again  Guarantee an outcome  Deliver that outcome
 ,A subpoena should have been not necessary but it will be easier for a court to rule on failure to comply with a subpoena which is well precedented in case law rather than the 1924 law which has very little case history in the courts.
 ,Good headline well done Washington post.
 ,can't wait to see next week's headline 'treasury secretary and IRS commissioner miss deadline to comply with subpoena'
 ,Yes let's keep this ball rolling!
 ,Why are you wasting time with a subpoena when the law is so clearly on your side?  WHY NOT ASK FOR A COURT ORDER IMMEDIATELY? WHY NOT Seek a *WRIT OF MANDAMUS* or a Direct Court order? Why not just petition the court themselves?  What is wrong with the counsel for the House Ways & Means Committee? This is utterly redundant and futile.  Edit: Whoever is downvoting me WHY? The law is black-and-white plain-as-day.
 ,Subpoena Butter Jaily Time!!!
 ,Oh man if Mnuchin ends up getting held in contempt and going to jail who is going to play Lord Helmet when they do a Spaceballs reboot?
 ,Couldn’t happen to a more deserving couple.
 ,Happy Friday!  Keep the subpoenas coming and lock up whoever doesn't comply.
 ,> The Trump administration has rejected Democrats’ requests for the president’s tax returns as violations of **taxpayer** privacy with an attorney hired by the president and congressional Republicans echoing similar concerns.      How does this apply to Trump?  He's weaseled his way out of paying taxes for decades.
 ,>Earlier on Friday Rep. Kevin Brady (R-Tex.) the ranking Republican on the Ways and Means Committee cautioned Neal against issuing a subpoena arguing “Such actions would be an abuse of the committee’s oversight powers and further examples of the Democrat majority’s coordinated attempt to weaponize the tax code.”  Following the law is now abuse.
 ,I see Mnuchin rolling over if ever jailed.
 ,So you know he's going to probably ignore it.  Will the House send the Sergeant at Arms to arrest him until he provides the documents?  That would be amusing.
 ,Democrats if you want to be re-elected keep doing this. You are doing what we want. This is the right thing to do.
 ,We need these asscunts to serve time for their treason to our people! Fuck them all!!!
 ,Ways and Means has arguably the most power of all House committees. They have oversight over a ton of stuff and they're in charge of tax legislation. When the GOP had the majority this committee blocked all attempts to get Trump's returns. Oh how the turn tables!
 ,If the Democrats were in office  acting in a similar fashion as this administration  the other side would tie them up gridlock style in the court system for the duration of the term. The Democrats should absolutely do that now.
 ,Just called (3rd time this week) my rep to thank if for taking action on the Ways & Means!
 ,Mnuchin - prison - now!!
 ,Just lock em up. They’re just stalling.
 ,I'm sure these will move to contempt in about a week.
 ,Didn’t Mcuchin just refuse to comply with a subpoena though?
 ,I don't eat much popcorn but it is popcorn time
 ,Mnuchin in 1 month: "I've made a huuuge mistake."
 ,Nice!
 ,Get em
 ,Where’d the article go?
 ,The house needs to hire Oprah to do these. She needs to be brought out on the house floor dropping you get a subpoena! you get a subpoena! ALL. Y'ALL. CROOKED. ASSES. GET. A. SUBPOENA.!!!!
 ,Which they will ignore and Dems will be very upset about it!
 ,House committee can wipe their asses with their subpoenas. Much more functional and practical
 ,There is no legislative purpose that's the point of congress. They don't have a legitimate reason other than to find embarrassing info. They are spending all this time to try and embarrass when they could be addressing other issues.   Also if there were some irregularities wouldn't the IRS wouldn't of fined him and it would of come out in a leak one way or another?   Welding this power is mighty and they won't like it when the roles are reversed
 ,"We subpoenad them and they didn't give it to us what should we do"  "Subpoena someone else"  "But what about that guy we decided to hold in contempt shouldn't we do something about him?"  "No he probably wouldn't like that"  Fucks sake man I can't take much more of this
 ,Don’t they have anything better to do... do they really think they are better than the GOP?
 ,This violates Donald Trump's 4th Amendment right to have his papers protected from illegal search and seizure. Surely the courts will turn down this abuse of our laws and the human right of our president by the Democrats. There is no crime being investigated no probable cause this is harasment.
 ,Lol you have all lost your minds.  The Mueller Report didn’t give you anything.  Now you want his taxes.  Unbelievable.
 , As a reminder this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)  In general be courteous to others. Attack ideas not users. Personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.   If you see comments in violation of our rules please report them.  ***   *I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,Imagine if the same tactic was used on Trump's tweets.
 ,Good. Don't give them glory.
 ,what if we made a push to stop arming them?
 ,And yet when the NZ shooter posted his video every single comment was "I watched it guys and you shouldn't watch it!" It's on us to not give these people our attention. I still have not watched the NZ video. It takes self control
 ,What other class of crimes has this tactic worked on?
 ,Anything to avoid talking about firearms manufacturers right?
 ,This is the best tl;dr I could make [original](http://nymag.com/intelligencer/2019/05/the-push-to-not-name-mass-shooters-is-catching-on.html) reduced by 95%. (I'm a bot) ***** > The Push to Not Name Mass Shooters Is Catching On In the aftermath of Tuesday&#039;s shooting at a suburban Denver high school where one student was killed and another eight were injured Colorado District Attorney George Brauchler asked the media to &quot;Adopt a &#039;no-notoriety&#039; approach."  > Started by Tom and Caren Teves after their son Alex was killed in the 2012 Aurora theater shooting No Notoriety calls for the media to deprive mass shooters of infamy which it calls &quot;a well-known motivating factor in rampage mass killings and violent copycat crimes."  > The San Diego Union-Tribune&#039;s editorial board acknowledged the same factor last month when it announced a new policy: The newspaper will no longer name mass shooters in editorials.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/bn31pu/the_push_to_not_name_mass_shooters_is_catching_on/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02 ~399108 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **Shooters**^#1 **new**^#2 **Trump**^#3 **Name**^#4 **last**^#5
 ,All I need is a photo of their white terrorist faces.
 ,This movement is based on the fallacious idea that mass shootings happen out of a desire for fame. They do not.  Furthermore this argument is selectively brought up every time the shooter is white. Fox News very rarely shows white supremacists or right-wing nationalists when they are the shooter but when it's a Muslim they show the shooter's picture everywhere and say "This is the face of Islam" and use the story to promote hate. It's much the same when it comes to releasing footage of the events - when it's a white shooter or when the footage is so brutal that it gives viewers a distaste for guns they suddenly want to "treat the victims with respect".  The identity of these shooters is unfortunately very important at this point in history. To cover them up is a grave mistake. We have to pull back the curtain on these issues and show them for what they really are because right now a lot of Americans are lying to themselves about what's really happening. Hiding the truth isn't going to help anyone.
 ,How about we number them instead? That way we can keep track of how many there have been at the same time. The Columbine shooters can be USCO_001A and USCO_001B.
 ,Come on guys. We have a whole children's series about how you can't ignore or pretend away evil. This will only lead to more denial more demonization and more apathy.
 ,Here in Germany there is some sort of press ethics code and criminals will only be named by first named and initials i.e. Ahmed S.  In any newspaper or TV reporting.  However for the new information age new policies and strategies must be developed. Information travels so so much faster now and that is the major problem all societies face now.
 ,What they should do is release images of the victims. Hearing about a bunch of dead school kids is tragic seeing it is horrifying.
 ,How about we just ban the weapons?
 ,Bout time
 ,Replace all mentions of their names in the press with "One who shamed their community".  And no photos or video allowed.  Unless they failed to kill themselves or be killed by police during the incident in which case it's better for the honesty of the legal system to have to name them.  And then there's still the matter of 'what if they were bullied and broken and nobody helped and this was how they snapped?'.  That's really a problem that it can help to put a face and name to.
 ,I'm super happy about it too....  I have no idea what that fucks name in New Zealand is I have no idea what he looks like nor do I know who the people are of the last 2 school shootings but I know of some outstanding people that sacrificed their health and lives to help people and that's a good thing.  Make the hero's and good samaritans famous not these fucking psychopaths
 ,They should also try to find the most embarrassing pictures of these shooters and use those in the news coverage. That will make the next one think twice
 ,Thank you Philip Defranco
 ,Espeically when they are white christians?
 ,We have done that in Scandinavia for years. It makes serious sense.
 ,It was always a mistake to glorify these shooters in the media it was an incentive for more of it their 15 minutes of fame.
 ,Great so now only the conspiracy theory websites with their own agendas will name the shooters and then it can't be fact checked with reliable news sources.  I heard Hillery Clinton shot up that school just like she shot that Ben Gazi guy.
 ,Be like Delaware State News  http://firststateupdate.com/2019/05/just-in-two-cowards-shoot-multiple-children-at-denver-area-school/  Just In: Two Cowards Shoot Multiple Children At Denver-Area School
 ,Which mass shooters were specifically seeking fame?
 ,Just another way to sweep all of this under the rug. It has yet to stop these shootings.
 ,...but it started after Columbine (or before?) so maybe we shouldn't be patting ourselves on the back for our expediency at least.   I'm happy it's happening don't get me wrong but this is much like our response to climate change. Glacial.
 ,I think for clarity sake they should replace the names with a consistent yet randomly generated vulgar insult name.  Like Assy Von Douchnozzle.  And that will forever be the name associated with the act.
 ,Frankly i cant even keep up with them at this point.
 ,It's a start. What I really wish we could do is stop the saturation coverage of the national cable networks.   Helicopters parent interviews press conferences memorials political debates etc. it's all gross. At the local level it makes some sense there's value to the community in the information. At the national level it's just voyeurism that does a lot to inspire future attacks.  CNN FOX & MSNBC are the ones that profit from our morbid curiosity about these attacks. We should be better and not watch the coverage and they should be better and not exploit mass murder for profit.
 ,Damnatio Memoriae
 ,I'm actually very pleased to say that I haven't seen the names of any of the recent school shooters.  Fuck those people they will die forgotten and miserable.
 ,I’ve noticed that.   I don’t know the Christchurch shooters name... or the one in Highland Ranch the other day either.
 ,I have been saying for years that we should simply number these asshole both as a way of highlighting the number of shooters and also as a way to deny the notoriety that most are striving for.
 ,I wish the push to not mass shoot would catch on
 ,yeah because the last few shootings haven’t been absolute massacres. the next very bad one they will still plaster their name all over the news no doubt
 ,Should just number them completely dehumanize them. Use a year prefix then a serialized # so like shooter # 19-0036 or whatever.  Replace all other references to their name with their serial # erase them from existing as punishment for their crime against humanity.
 ,It also helps that there are so many it's impossible to keep track
 ,Make [*Damnatio Memoriae*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Damnatio_memoriae) Great Again!
 ,Too bad all major news orgainizations didn't follow this is in the past week.
 ,It’s a smart idea to not name these well regulated militiamen because we wouldn’t want Hillary’s Deep State reptilian footsoldiers to track them down. We should celebrate them for shooting tyrannical government operatives who were using Wizard magic to disguise themselves as children concert and gay night club goers or people at their church mosque or temple.   As long as we can make sure terrorists can arm themselves to the teeth with no questions asked our freedumbs will be protected from the communist libruls
 ,If it's a good idea the Trump administration wouldn't be for it. They are.
 ,We can use CASSB (crazy ass bastard) or CASSBs (plural) to describe the crazy ass bastards.
 ,Serious question: is there a reason we can’t just make it law not to name and show the pictures of the shooters in the news?   If it keeps people from getting killed we should just make it law to not give them any airtime.
 ,They should be referred to as “suspected coward” until they are found guilty of the crime and then from that point just refer to them as “coward”.   Shooting innocent unarmed people is a cowardly act. I can’t think of anything worse.
 ,It happens so often it’s hard to keep up with names.
 ,Or just make up a bunch of embarrassing stuff about them after they're dead.
 ,It has only take us 20 years to figure this out
 ,I think that should be the penalty for being a mass shooter you will not be shown n television your name will not be mentioned you will disappear as soon as you are apprehended the bag goes over your head you are put on trial in a box and never heard from again no manifesto no social media you loose your existence the same way your victims do the victims should be shown and profiled to show us what was lost never the sack of shit that killed them.
 ,Thank you ben shapiro
 ,Love how the push to not name them happened when a trans person shot people.
 ,Of course because the last one was a trump hater and a person with a mental illness
 ,Yeah? Well tell CNN that.
 ,Good. They don’t deserved to be glorified as much as they are
 ,Maybe we make a concerted effort to involve people on the fringes of our communities rather than pushing them away at the same time. Solve the problem before it turns into one.  Obviously stop giving them international notoriety if they do something bad but make them feel as if they belong. Mass-shooters are always people on the fringe who have been forgotten or ostracized by their community.
 ,Still need to tell their stories.  We need to understand what drove them to create these atrocities.
 ,It's meaningless. The only thing that would mean anything is to do something about guns.
 ,Should easily be a federal law.
 ,I guess we've learned nothing from the story of Harry Potter and Voldemort.  By refusing to say "Voldemort" you create a formless evil that is always lurking in the shadows and that has no name. It grows in power and in evil as more people refuse to say its name. The terror becomes greater than the actual Voldemort.
 ,At the very least it should be necessary to follow a link before seeing the suspect's real name.
 ,About fucking time there journalists.
 ,When fully implemented we will know right away via dictionary attack....if a guy seems suspect you start shouting names behind him. If he doesn't turn around you better run!
 ,I'm not one to push conspiracy theories but is it a coincidence that the time we don't name them is the time the shooter wasn't a white right leaning incel type?  It genuinely could be a coincidence but people aren't rushing to denounce the LGBTQ shooter.
 , As a reminder this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)  In general be courteous to others. Attack ideas not users. Personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.   If you see comments in violation of our rules please report them.  ***   *I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,>CONCLUSION  >**Because we determined not to make a traditional prosecutorial judgment we did not draw ultimate conclusions about the President's conduct. The evidence we obtained about the President's actions and intent presents difficult issues that would need to be resolved if we were making a traditional prosecutorial judgment.** At the same time if we had confidence after a thorough investigation of the facts that the President clearly did not commit obstruction of justice we would so state. Based on the facts and the applicable legal standards we are unable to reach that judgment. Accordingly while this report does not conclude that the President committed a crime it also does not exonerate him.  "If this was anyone but the President we would indict."
 ,>Some of the earliest contacts were made in connection with a Trump Organization real-estate project in Russia known as Trump Tower Moscow. Candidate Trump signed a Letter of Intent for Trump Tower Moscow by November 2015 and in January 2016 Trump Organization executive Michael Cohen emailed and spoke about the project with the office of Russian government press secretary Dmitry Peskov. The Trump Organization pursued the project through at least June 2016 including by considering travel to Russia by Cohen and candidate Trump.  This entire report is amazing.
 ,>At the same time if we had confidence after a thorough investigation of the facts that the President clearly did not commit obstruction of justice we would so state. Based on the facts and the applicable legal standards we are unable to reach that judgment.  Seems like an important part of their summary that Barr left out!
 , Full Text of the Mueller Report's Executive Summaries AND LINK TO AN AUDIO VERSION (under an hour) . These are the official summaries of the report WRITTEN BY SPECIAL COUNCIL MUELLER HIMSELF.
 ,[Redacted: Harm to Ongoing Matter]  So much ongoing matter. So much.
 ,Those read a bit different than ol' Billy Barr's take.  Pretty damning stuff.  &#x200B;  Waiting for the MAGA crowd to show up and tell me how it's all very legal and very cool and he's totally exonerated.
 ,>Several features of the conduct we investigated distinguish it from typical obstruction-of-justice cases. First the investigation concerned the President and some of his actions such as firing the FBI director involved facially lawful acts within his Article II authority which raises constitutional issues discussed below. At the same time the President's position as the head of the Executive Branch provided him with unique and powerful means of influencing official proceedings subordinate officers and potential witnesses—all of which is relevant to a potential obstruction-of-justice analysis. Second unlike cases in which a subject engages in obstruction of justice to cover up a crime the evidence we obtained did not establish that the President was involved in an underlying crime related to Russian election interference. Although the obstruction statutes do not require proof of such a crime the absence of that evidence affects the analysis of the President's intent and requires consideration of other possible motives for his conduct. Third many of the President's acts directed at witnesses including discouragement of cooperation with the government and suggestions of possible future pardons took place in public view. That circumstance is unusual but no principle of law excludes public acts from the reach of the obstruction laws. If the likely effect of public acts is to influence witnesses or alter their testimony the harm to the justice system's integrity is the same.       Basically you still commit obstruction even if: there was no original crime committed and even if your obstruction occurred in public view. Makes sense.
 ,I've been printing these out and handing them to people to get them to read it.  Nobody is going to crack open the massive 448 page report but if you hand them 18 pages it's a lot less intimidating and it's a way to not let Trump supporters off the hook for not reading the report themselves and just repeating the spin they're being fed about it.
 ,**Key details** •	Less than 48 hours after receiving Mueller's 448-page report Barr released a summary exonerating Trump on collusion and saying there was "insufficient evidence" of obstruction.  •	Barr under oath before Congress admits that neither he nor Rosenstein reviewed the underlying evidence of obstruction before deciding there was not enough evidence.  •	Mueller contacted Barr three times in the four days following Barr's summary memorializing two of those communications in written form. The level of urgency indicates this is not a minor disagreement.  •	Barr under oath before Congress twice denied knowing Mueller's thinking on the subject. **Timeline**  **March 22 2019 mid-day**	Mueller’s 448-page report is delivered to Barr's office . 	 **March 24 (less than 48 hours later)**	Barr releases a four-page summary exonerating Trump. Barr's summary says Mueller found no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. And while Mueller didn’t absolve Trump of an obstruction of justice charge Barr quickly did.  **March 24**	Trump tweets "No Collusion No Obstruction Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!"  **March 25 (one day after Barr's summary)**	Mueller sends a letter (its full contents have not been made public) to Barr to say he and his team believed Barr had not adequately portrayed their conclusions. Pointedly he attached the report’s executive summaries as a reminder that his investigators had already done the work of distilling their findings. (This letter is directly mentioned in the public letter of March 27th)  **March 27 (three days after Barr's summary)**	Mueller sends a second letter to Barr to say “the summary letter the Department sent to Congress and released to the public late in the afternoon of March 24 did not fully capture the context nature and substance of this Office’s work and conclusions. There is now public confusion about critical aspects of the results of our investigation. This threatens to undermine a central purpose for which the Department appointed the Special Counsel; to assure public confidence in the outcome of the investigations.”  **March 28 (four days after Barr's summary)**	Barr and Mueller speak by phone. In his May 1 testimony before Congress Barr says he asked Muller “if he was suggesting that the March 24 [summary] was inaccurate and he said no but that the press reporting had been inaccurate." Note: Mueller makes NO mention of the press reporting or of media at all in his March 27 letter. Barr testified he has notes of his phone conversation with Mueller but told Sen. Richard Blumenthal D-Conn. that he would not provide those notes to the panel. “Why should you have them?” Barr asked.  **April 9 and 10**	In back-to-back congressional hearings Barr disclaimed knowledge of Mueller's thinking. “No I don’t” Barr said when asked by Rep. Charlie Crist (D-Fla.) whether he knew what was behind reports that members of Mueller’s team were frustrated by the attorney general’s summary of their top-level conclusions. “I don’t know” he said the next day when asked by Sen. Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.) whether Mueller supported his finding that there was not sufficient evidence to conclude that President Trump had obstructed justice.  **April 18**	White House waives executive privilege of the report in the "interest of transparency."  **April 19**	Trump tweets "Statements are made about me by certain people in the Crazy Mueller Report in itself written by 18 Angry Democrat Trump Haters which are fabricated & totally untrue. Watch out for people that take so-called “notes” when the notes never existed until needed. Because I never agreed to testify it was not necessary for me to respond to statements made in the “Report” about me some of which are total bullshit & only given to make the other person look good (or me to look bad). This was an Illegally Started Hoax that never should have happened....  **May 1**	Barr in his testimony to Congress admits he did not review the underlying evidence in Mueller's report before deciding that the evidence did not reach the threshold to charge Trump with obstruction. Nor did Rosenstein.  **May 8**	Trump claims Executive Privilege over the Mueller report.  (See April 18 for opposite statement by Trump)
 ,Aren't these already in the report?
 ,Are these the same as the Introductions in the report?
 ,>The Internet Research Agency (IRA) carried out the earliest Russian interference operations identified by the investigation—a social media campaign designed to provoke and amplify political and social discord in the United States. The IRA was based in St. Petersburg Russia and received funding from Russian oligarch Yevgeniy Prigozhin and companies he controlled. Prigozhin is widely reported to have ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin [Redacted: Harm to Ongoing Matter]  >In mid-2014 the IRA sent employees to the United States on an intelligence-gathering mission with instructions [Redacted: Harm to Ongoing Matter]  This has been in the works for awhile...  Also in *November 2013* Trump traveled to Moscow for the Miss Universe pageant which he co-owned at the time and which was hosted in Russia.   And if you are interested in "collusion" they spell one instance of it out here:  >The presidential campaign of Donald J. Trump ... showed interest in WikiLeaks's releases of documents and welcomed their potential to damage candidate Clinton.   >Beginning in June 2016 [Redacted: Harm to Ongoing Matter] forecast to senior Campaign officials that WikiLeaks would release information damaging to candidate Clinton. WikiLeaks's first release came in July 2016. Around the same time candidate Trump announced that he hoped Russia would recover emails described as missing from a private server used by Clinton when she was Secretary of State (he later said that he was speaking sarcastically). [Redacted: Harm to Ongoing Matter] **WikiLeaks began releasing Podesta’s stolen emails on October 7 2016 less than one hour after a U.S. media outlet released video considered damaging to candidate Trump.**  Edit: These summaries are about 15 pages. On the 14th page just before the conclusion it looks to me they defer to congress:  >President can be found to have obstructed justice by exercising his powers under Article II of the Constitution we concluded that Congress has authority to prohibit a President's corrupt use of his authority in order to protect the integrity of the administration of justice.  >Under applicable Supreme Court precedent the Constitution does not categorically and permanently immunize a President for obstructing justice through the use of his Article II powers. The separation-of-powers doctrine authorizes Congress to protect official proceedings including those of courts and grand juries from corrupt obstructive acts regardless of their source. We also concluded that any inroad on presidential authority that would occur from prohibiting corrupt acts does not undermine the President's ability to fulfill his constitutional mission. The term "corruptly" sets a demanding standard. It requires a concrete showing that a person acted with an intent to obtain an improper advantage for himself or someone else inconsistent with official duty and the rights of others. A preclusion of "corrupt" official action does not diminish the President's ability to exercise Article Il powers. For example the proper supervision of criminal law does not demand freedom for the President to act with a corrupt intention of shielding himself from criminal punishment avoiding financial liability or preventing personal embarrassment. To the contrary a statute that prohibits official action undertaken for such corrupt purposes furthers rather than hinders the impartial and evenhanded administration of the law. It also aligns with the President's constitutional duty to faithfully execute the laws. Finally we concluded that in the rare case in which a criminal investigation of the President's conduct is justified inquiries to determine whether the President acted for a corrupt motive should not impermissibly chill his performance of his constitutionally assigned duties. The conclusion that Congress may apply the obstruction laws to the President's corrupt exercise of the powers of office accords with our constitutional system of checks and balances and the principle that no person is above the law.
 ,I feel like I'm taking crazy pills.  Report: Trump campaign didn't coordinate with Russia.  *the very next line*  Here's a timeline of Trump and Russia appearing to coordinate.  What?
 ,none of this is new. HOWEVER... IMAGINE if this is how we learned of the results... like you know... how Mueller INTENDED we learn about things... instead of 6 weeks of bullshit from bootlicker general. what a FUCKING travesty.
 ,>**"President Trump reacted negatively to the Special Counsel's appointment.  He told advisors that it was the end of his presidency sought to have Attorney General Jefferson (Jeff) Sessions unrecuse from the Russia investigation and to have the Special Counsel removed and engaged in efforts to curtail the Special Counsel's investigation and prevent the  disclosure of evidence to it including through public and private contacts with potential witnesses. Those and related actions are described and analyzed in Volume II of the report."**  &#x200B;  savage
 ,TL;DR:  Volume I \[*links between Russia and the Trump campaign*\]  First the Office determined that Russia's two principal interference operations in the 2016 U.S. presidential election—the social media campaign and the hacking-and-dumping operations—violated U.S. criminal law. ... Second while the investigation identified numerous links between individuals with ties to the Russian government and individuals associated with the Trump Campaign the evidence was not sufficient to support criminal charges. ... Third the investigation established that several individuals affiliated with the Trump Campaign lied to the Office and to Congress about their interactions with Russian-affiliated individuals and related matters. ...while this report embodies factual and legal determinations that the Office believes to be accurate and complete to the greatest extent possible given these identified gaps the Office cannot rule out the possibility that the unavailable information would shed additional light on (or cast in a new light) the events described in the report.  Volume II \[*potential obstruction of justice by President Trump*\]  The conclusion that Congress may apply the obstruction laws to the President's corrupt exercise of the powers of office accords with our constitutional system of checks and balances and the principle that no person is above the law.  Because we determined not to make a traditional prosecutorial judgment we did not draw ultimate conclusions about the President's conduct. The evidence we obtained about the President's actions and intent presents difficult issues that would need to be resolved if we were making a traditional prosecutorial judgment. At the same time if we had confidence after a thorough investigation of the facts that the President clearly did not commit obstruction of justice we would so state. Based on the facts and the applicable legal standards we are unable to reach that judgment. Accordingly while this report does not conclude that the President committed a crime it also does not exonerate him.
 ,"Third many of the President's acts directed at witnesses including discouragement of cooperation with the government and suggestions of possible future pardons took place in public view. That circumstance is unusual but no principle of law excludes public acts from the reach of the obstruction laws. If the likely effect of public acts is to influence witnesses or alter their testimony the harm to the justice system's integrity is the same.  "
 ,>First the Office determined that Russia's two principal interference operations in the 2016 U.S. presidential election—the social media campaign and the hacking-and-dumping operations—violated U.S. criminal law. Many of the individuals and entities involved in the social media campaign have been charged with participating in a conspiracy to defraud the United States by undermining through deceptive acts the work of federal agencies charged with regulating foreign influence in U.S. elections as well as related counts of identity theft  Russian interference? Fuck yes.   Russian hoax? Only according to the crime family that interference got elected.  >Second while the investigation identified numerous links between individuals with ties to the Russian government and individuals associated with the Trump Campaign the evidence was not sufficient to support criminal charges.  As we've long known collusion is not a term with statutory weight so while it wasn't criminal there was collusion.  >Third the investigation established that several individuals affiliated with the Trump Campaign lied to the Office and to Congress about their interactions with Russian-affiliated individuals and related matters.  The Best People.  >Further the Office learned that some of the individuals we interviewed or whose conduct we investigated—including some associated with the Trump Campaign—deleted relevant communications or communicated during the relevant period using applications that feature encryption or that do not provide for long-term retention of data or communications records.   >...given these identified gaps the Office cannot rule out the possibility that the unavailable information would shed additional light on (or cast in a new light) the events described in the report.  Some collusion found. More collusion likely obfuscated. Regardless congress needs to grab him by the taxes just like Capone.
 ,But but but Putin said very strongly it wasn’t Russia who did it! And I’ll say this: I don’t see any reason why it would be!  —Fucking Coward in Helsinki
 ,> "Accordingly while this report does not conclude that the President committed a crime it also **does not exonerate him.**"  Now wait a second... I was told by a bunch of TD Shills that the report did exonerate Trump... Someone is lying here... But who?
 ,IANALBIDLA but isn't this Conspiracy?  > On June 9 2016 for example a Russian lawyer met with **senior Trump Campaign officials Donald Trump Jr. Jared Kushner and campaign chairman Paul Manafort to deliver what the email proposing the meeting had described as "official documents and information that would incriminate Hillary." The materials were offered to Trump Jr. as "part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump." The written communications setting up the meeting showed that the Campaign anticipated receiving information from Russia that could assist candidate Trump's electoral prospects** but the Russian lawyer's presentation did not provide such information.  They were told they would get it.   They went expecting to get it.  That they left without it doesn't change their conspiring to receive stolen materials from a foreign government.
 ,>the evidence we obtained did not establish that the President was involved in an underlying crime related to Russian election interference.  I'm really not sure how to feel about this report.    >Third many of the President's acts directed at witnesses including discouragement of cooperation with the government and suggestions of possible future pardons took place in public view. That circumstance is unusual but no principle of law excludes public acts from the reach of the obstruction laws. If the likely effect of public acts is to influence witnesses or alter their testimony the harm to the justice system's integrity is the same.       well there you go.   Seems pretty clear he obstructed justice collusion unclear but seems highly likely.  >The conclusion that Congress may apply the obstruction laws to the President's corrupt exercise of the powers of office accords with our constitutional system of checks and balances and the principle that no person is above the law.  Seems like a pretty big punt to congress here.
 ,This at the end if section 1 says a lot I think. After detailing how their efforts to investigate were thwarted by witnesses' lying and withholding information they go on to say...  "Accordingly while this report embodies factual and legal determinations that the Office believes to be accurate and complete to the greatest extent possible given these identified gaps the Office cannot rule out the possibility that the unavailable information would shed additional light on (or cast in a new light) the events described in the report."
 ,>> **The Russian contacts consisted of business connections offers of assistance to the Campaign invitations for candidate Trump and Putin to meet in person invitations for Campaign officials and representatives of the Russian government to meet and policy positions seeking improved U.S.-Russian relations.** Section IV of this Report details the contacts between Russia and the Trump Campaign during the campaign and transition periods the most salient of which are summarized below in chronological order.  ...  >> **President Trump** reacted negatively to the Special Counsel's appointment. He **told advisors that it was the end of his presidency sought to have Attorney General Jefferson (Jeff) Sessions unrecuse from the Russia investigation and to have the Special Counsel removed and engaged in efforts to curtail the Special Counsel's investigation and prevent the disclosure of evidence to it including through public and private contacts with potential witnesses.** Those and related actions are described and analyzed in Volume II of the report.  ...  >> Third **the investigation established that several individuals affiliated with the Trump Campaign lied to the Office and to Congress about their interactions with Russian-affiliated individuals and related matters. Those lies materially impaired the investigation of Russian election interference.**  >> **The investigation did not always yield admissible information or testimony or a complete picture of the activities undertaken by subjects of the investigation. Some individuals invoked their Fifth Amendment right against compelled self-incrimination and were not in the Office's judgment appropriate candidates for grants of immunity.** The Office limited its pursuit of other witnesses and information—such as information known to attorneys or individuals claiming to be members of the media—in light of internal Department of Justice policies. See e.g. Justice Manual §§ 9-13.400 13.410. **Some of the information obtained via court process moreover was presumptively covered by legal privilege and was screened from investigators by a filter (or "taint") team. Even when individuals testified or agreed to be interviewed they sometimes provided information that was false or incomplete leading to some of the false-statements charges described above. And the Office faced practical limits on its ability to access relevant evidence as well-numerous witnesses and subjects lived abroad and documents were held outside the United States.**  >> **Further the Office learned that some of the individuals we interviewed or whose conduct we investigated—including some associated with the Trump Campaign—deleted relevant communications or communicated during the relevant period using applications that feature encryption or that do not provide for long-term retention of data or communications records.** In such cases the Office was not able to corroborate witness statements through comparison to contemporaneous communications or fully question witnesses about statements that appeared inconsistent with other known facts.  >> **Accordingly while this report embodies factual and legal determinations that the Office believes to be accurate and complete to the greatest extent possible given these identified gaps the Office cannot rule out the possibility that the unavailable information would shed additional light on (or cast in a new light) the events described in the report.**  WiTcH HuNt my ass.
 ,>On December 29 2016 then-President Obama imposed sanctions on Russia for having interfered in the election. **Incoming National Security Advisor Michael Flynn called Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak and asked Russia not to escalate the situation in response to the sanctions.** The following day Putin announced that Russia would not take retaliatory measures in response to the sanctions at that time. Hours later President-Elect Trump tweeted "Great move on delay (by V. Putin)." T**he next day on December 31 2016 Kislyak called Flynn and told him the request had been received at the highest levels and Russia had chosen not to retaliate as a result of Flynn's request.**  &#x200B;  Jesus.
 ,Basically we have went from no collusion and full exoneration..to if it wasn’t the president of the US we would have prosecuted him for obstruction of justice. And because the obstruction was so perverse we can’t really make a determination if he colluded to a satisfactory level for prosecution but there is a sh*t load of evidence he did.
 ,This is it. We have it. Impeach Barr.
 ,>Further the Office learned that some of the individuals we interviewed or whose conduct we investigated—including some associated with the Trump Campaign—deleted relevant communications or communicated during the relevant period using applications that feature encryption or that do not provide for long-term retention of data or communications records. In such cases the Office was not able to corroborate witness statements through comparison to contemporaneous communications or fully question witnesses about statements that appeared inconsistent with other known facts.  innocently of course /s
 ,"He's guilty but because of norms and standards within my department it's not my position or job to indict him."
 ,> Second unlike cases in which a subject engages in obstruction of justice to cover up a crime the evidence we obtained did not establish that the President was involved in an underlying crime related to Russian election interference.  Why does it have to be Trump himself who committed the crime? Shouldn't it be enough that he knew of a crime e.g. by Donald Junior or some other campaign associate and subsequently interfered with the investigation?
 ,if he wasn’t president he would’ve been indicted. that makes me think the whole system is fucked. if you commit a crime do you think the DA would say ‘ah well if he wasn’t a mechanic we could indict him’. ‘if he wasn’t a police officer we would indict him’. ‘if he wasn’t a walmart greeter we would indict him’. just blows my mind. if anything the fact that he’s the president means we should indict the shit out of him immediately
 ,Based on the Constitutional Defenses section and the Conclusion it seems pretty freaking clear that he intended to give this to Congress to determine. I mean he all but says this is a constitutional issue where Congress must exercise its powers to investigate and check the executive office. Bill Barr lied and he should never have made a decision. The full report and the underlying evidence needs to be given to Congress for them to exercise their Article I duty to serve as a check on the Art. II executive branch.
 ,I expect that Mueller will show up for his inevitable house and senate hearings with a prepared statement.  One he has been writing for months.   I expect this statement to be signed by his entire team.   I expect this statement written outside the bounds of the investigation and not subject to its limits will state a number of concerns that he and his team have about the legal behavior of the Trump presidency Russia the Department of Justice and the Republican Party.
 ,Please read this - it's not long and is easy to understand.
 ,Well its obvious now Barr was trying to frame the debate with his own summary.
 ,[Open Source Mueller Report](http://opensourcemuellerreport.com) is an effort to correct the technical limitations of the PDF released by the DOJ on April 18 2019. We are producing PDF and ePub files that work much better than the original PDF. (We have rewritten it from scratch in LaTeX.)  We have drafts for Volume 1 and the Appendix - and Volume 2 is nearly complete as well.  Direct links to files:  - http://opensourcemuellerreport.com/mueller-report-vol-1.pdf - http://opensourcemuellerreport.com/mueller-report-vol-1.epub - http://opensourcemuellerreport.com/mueller-report-appendix.pdf - http://opensourcemuellerreport.com/mueller-report-appendix.epub  As of May 10 Volume 2 is still under development but you can see the work-in-progress:  - http://opensourcemuellerreport.com/mueller-report-vol-2.pdf - http://opensourcemuellerreport.com/mueller-report-vol-2.epub
 ,Bill Barr will rightfully go down in history as a profoundly deceitful and corrupt partisan fixer.
 ,Insane tweets incoming.
 ,>if we had confidence after a thorough investigation of the facts that the President clearly did not commit obstruction of justice we would so state.   Not innocent.
 ,> Third the investigation established that several individuals affiliated with the Trump Campaign lied to the Office and to Congress about their interactions with Russian-affiliated individuals and related matters. Those lies materially impaired the investigation of Russian election interference.  ..... Welp
 ,How can you say he is anything but guilty like how do those thoughts form in your mind after reading this report?
 ,Wait these are the "piecemeal" summaries that Barr didn't want to release because he thought Americans "just" needed to hear the bottom line conclusions? Even though these are summaries of the entire report and have "bottom line conclusions" and don't take long to read?  He just *had* to have the "no collusion" (even though the report didn't even investigate under that term) press conference with his summary instead of just releasing these?   If it wasn't before it's 100% confirmed now that Barr is a Trump stooge.
 ,"On June 17 2017 the President called McGahn at home and directed him to call the Acting Attorney General and say that the Special Counsel had conflicts of interest and must be removed. McGahn did not carry out the direction however deciding that he would resign rather than trigger what he regarded as a potential Saturday Night Massacre."  Can't wait to hear McGahn's testimony
 ,Barr spent days crafting his four page spin job instead of just releasing the summary which had already been sanitized for public release.
 ,I suppose this is what Warren read into Congress?  Ya it is a big deal and I'm guilty of living on the hamster wheel myself.    Our news agencies are really letting us down
 ,Shout out to the 'Robert Muller Audio' podcast. I've been taking some long dog walks to finish this read aloud version of the report. Let me say that it is clear and easily understandable to the non-legal minds.
 ,THIS  at the end of the Volume 1 summary about collusion with Russia:  "Accordingly while this report embodies factual and legal determinations  that the Office believes to be accurate and complete to the greatest  extent possible given these identified gaps the Office cannot rule out  the possibility that the unavailable information would shed additional  light on (or cast in a new light) the events described in the report."  That sounds like an investigation cut short.
 ,The parts that are redacted are fascinating. For example:   The presidential campaign of Donald J. Trump ("Trump Campaign" or "Campaign") showed interest in WikiLeaks's releases of documents and welcomed their potential to damage candidate Clinton. Beginning in June 2016 \[Redacted: Harm to Ongoing Matter\] forecast to senior Campaign officials that WikiLeaks would release information damaging to candidate Clinton. WikiLeaks's first release came in July 2016. Around the same time candidate Trump announced that he hoped Russia would recover emails described as missing from a private server used by Clinton when she was Secretary of State (he later said that he was speaking sarcastically). \[Redacted: Harm to Ongoing Matter\]    So there's an ongoing matter around Trump asking for WikiLeaks to release information. I have to believe this is the Roger Stone case going on now but this paragraph is about Trump. I suspect Stone is being tried about WikiLeaks which I'm sure he told Trump he was in contact with. If Trump lied and said he "knew nothing about wikileaks" in his written answers to Mueller then that's it. That's the lie we've caught him in that he could be impeached for.  And I suspect there are many more lies. Many many more.
 ,This is super fucking frustrating. On the one hand it's literally what I've been saying all over the place Mueller wasn't going to make a determination to indict because of OLC opinion.       On the other hand Mueller tied himself in knots taking a shaky legal argument to avoid making any overt determination because of fucking "fairness concerns." Absolute Moral Cowardice.
 ,FYI the entire Mueller report is a free audiobook on Audible.
 ,First off let me say that I think he’s more crooked than a dogs hind leg but can someone explain this? So I understand that he’s guilty for obstructing justice. But what did he obstruct? If I’m not mistaken these charges are for impeding the investigation about him colluding. Did it ever come out and say he did collude? If so then I understand the obstruction charge which is what everyone seems to get up in arms about. But if not then what was he obstructing? An investigation that found him not guilty of colluding?  If that’s the case then it seems like they framed him to make a case on him which I doubt but can someone explain?
 ,While we're busy trying to get the stuff Trump did in 2016 before he was POTUS out in the open what is he doing now that he has the power of the US government (in addition to the public stuff)?  My guess is that the backroom deals are insane. The stuff he and Putin discuss in their little secret meetings probably makes this stuff look quaint. Who is keeping tabs on him now? What kind of terrible shit is happening that we have no idea about?
 ,Out of place comment but does anyone know what happened to the sealed mystery case involving a foreign company that the Special Counsel was apart of? Is it still ongoing?
 ,> Further the Office learned that some of the individuals we interviewed or whose conduct we investigated—including some associated with the Trump Campaign—**deleted relevant communications** or communicated during the relevant period using applications that feature encryption or that do not provide for long-term retention of data or communications records.  Lock him up!  Lock him up!  Lock him up!
 ,Note that this isn't new information. It was in the redacted Mueller report that was released. This article is from April 18.
 ,Nixon got busted for simply lying. DT has gone way beyond that in these few excerpts alone. This is disgusting.
 ,How can this NOT be collusion and obstruction of justice?  It seems obvious to me that it is.
 ,How was this put out in April... when it was unredacted then?
 ,Why is this so high up? Haven't these summaries been out for as long as the redacted report? Is there anything new here?
 ,I am just curious...This article says it was posted on April 18th.  Why is this making the rounds now?
 ,I think everyone should read pgs 47-49 of report which references Assange/Wikileaks role and part they played in starting and spreading Seth Rich conspiracy.
 ,The conclusion that Congress may apply the obstruction laws to the President's corrupt exercise of the powers of office accords with our constitutional system of checks and balances and the principle that no person is above the law.  Or.   "Congress should impeach"
 ,The argument about no obstruction to me is bad faith and doesn't make sense on it's face.   Mueller wasn't originally supposed to look at specific obstruction according to Rosenstein's appointment letter.  Yet it's roughly half of the overall report.  If it's not much then why dedicate 50% to discussing it?
 ,These are the same ones released with the report a month ago.
 ,Full redacted text.
 ,F5 (⌘+R) Friday is here!
 ,Holy fucking shit.
 ,If that spring 2016 excerpt isn't conspiracy I guess I don't know the definition of the word
 ,I’ll wait till Sean hannity tells me what to think thank you very much.
 ,There is audio as well.
 ,I mean Mueller can be “aggravated” all he wants with Barr but you can’t tell me he didn’t see this coming? The decision was his to make and of course Barr isn’t gonna hand the shit off to Congress.
 ,Very legal very cool.
 ,Wait are these the executive summaries sent to Barr by Mueller but were ignored? How did this website get these?
 ,The term "information warfare" is only applicable to those for whom the information is damaging.
 ,This is huge!!! How come Reddit isn't posting more on this?????  Why isn't Barr being investigated for hiding this???
 ,How did this so quietly sneak out? Did I miss something?
 ,Good to know. Thanks
 ,Y'all realize this is nearly a month old news now right?
 ,Trumps gonna get Saddamed.
 ,Totally exonerates the president. Thank you   /s
 ,The thing that pisses me off so much about all of this is that it is patently obvious as to who hasn’t actually read anything from the report because they keep repeating the same bullshit that Trump and Fox spouts.
 ,I think Trump said it best: “I’M FUCKED!”
 ,"Full text." It's still has redactions so why did they word it that way.
 ,What the fuck was Obama sitting on his hands for? He should have retaliated against those Russian fucks.
 ,Democrats will say this is damning Republicans will say it is not. Womp womp.
 ,Might be well uninformed but isn’t the “collusion” basically Facebook pages supporting trump or are there more influential things out there??
 ,Who cares. Get the unredacted report. The redacted report already spells all this out. We need to find out what they won't show us
 ,Copy + Paste
 ,All these conservative news sites are blacklisted from this sub and www.lawfareblog.com is on the whitelist. LMAO
 ,How did so many people in r/politics not read the executive summaries when the report was released April 18? Did you never open the report? Nothing in that link is new.
 ,Doesn't seem much different than what was in the actual report. Still seems like Mueller could have made a stronger worded report. If these were Dems i'd imagine it would have been worded stronger.
 ,In regards to obstruction of Justice:  "Accordingly while this report does not conclude that the President committed a crime it also does not exonerate him."  This is really interesting. It is not a prosecutor's job to exonerate a suspect but to charge him with a crime.   If there was not sufficient evidence to charge him then indeed there is no obstruction as one is presumed innocent unless proven otherwise. In this case there was not enough evidence (per the report) to change him.
 ,Everyone saying if he wasn't president they'd indict but if he wasn't president he would've never been investigated.
 ,This has been available since the middle of April why is it on the front page???
 ,"...the evidence was not sufficient to charge that any member of the Trump Campaign conspired with representatives of the Russian government to interfere in the 2016 election."
 ,This is all great. Can the House finally start impeachment?  No? Well then this is a waste of time then.
 ,This is certain to stop trump! Lmao
 ,Wait what the fuck!? Did law fare break this?!?!!?
 ,Mueller Report Page 1:  > Although the investigation established that the Russian government perceived it would benefit from a Trump presidency and worked to secure that outcome and that the Campaign expected it would benefit electorally from information stolen and released through Russian efforts **the investigation did not establish that members of the Trump Campaign conspired or coordinated with the Russian government in its election interference activities.**
 ,Whatever happened to "Innocent until proven guilty". Is there any hard proof?  [https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/presumption\_of\_innocence](https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/presumption_of_innocence)
 ,WOAH. This seems like a big deal. Is this a big deal?!
 ,D1: What do you think we do with shits that didn't sell?  D2: I don't know? You tell me.  D1: We repackage it with bunch of other shit that didn't sell and give it a new fancy headline for our gullible damn dem audience to keep propaganda alive.
 ,sweet now we can see in cliff notes and audio form that trump didnt obstruct or collude with russia against the democrats. thanks /r/politics!
 ,This article is three weeks old. There's nothing new here.
 ,This entire thing is a lie except where it says "no collusion no obstruction." Those four words are the most important words and every other words if fabricated by the dems.
 ,[deleted]
 ,The Mueller report is already public. lmfao.
 ,C'mon... *read* people.  The article is almost a month old.    > **Thursday April 18 2019 3:41 PM**    EDIT: Sorry.. sheesh.   I get it.  I know it's still a big deal.
 ,No collusion totally cleared
 , As a reminder this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)  In general be courteous to others. Attack ideas not users. Personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.   If you see comments in violation of our rules please report them.  ***   *I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,Congress has the right to enforce their lawful orders by using "Inherent Contempt" which allows them to jail people using the Sergeant-at-arms until they comply with the order. They have this inherent power without needing to ask the justice department for it nor the courts (the supreme court has already upheld this power).  According to the Washington Post Nancy Pelosi has acknowledged that congress has a jail in the basement of capitol hill they could use for this; but she's suggesting she would be against this:  >We do have a little jail down in the basement of the Capitol but if we were arresting all of the people in the administration we would have an over-crowded jail situation. And I’m not for that.  [https://www.theepochtimes.com/pelosi-opposes-putting-defiant-trump-officials-in-capitol-jail\_2912488.html](https://www.theepochtimes.com/pelosi-opposes-putting-defiant-trump-officials-in-capitol-jail_2912488.html)  Pelosi needs to stop letting this administration make a joke of congress.  According to Rep. Raskin most Democrats aren't even aware they have the power to arrest people on their own if they refuse to comply with congress. They need to be educated on it ASAP and they need to start using it.  Call your representatives and let them know you want them to use this power.  From The Atlantic:  >**Raskin**: We also have the power—and I should say I’m speaking for myself here because I don’t know how many people I’ve been able to convince about this—but we do have the power to exercise the so-called inherent powers of contempt of Congress. It was ruled in the 19th century in a case called *Anderson v. Dunn* in 1821 that Congress has the power to enforce its own orders. Just as a court can enforce its orders Congress can enforce its orders. **And in the 19th century Congress had the sergeant at arms arrest and detain people until they complied with lawful orders of Congress. And we would have the power to fine people who were out of compliance with the law.** So that provides another avenue.   >   >**Berman**: If it got to that point do you think the House would have the attorney general arrested by the sergeant at arms?   >   >**Raskin**: **Well the vast majority of the Judiciary Committee much less the House itself are just not aware of this process.**  [https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2019/05/house-democrats-could-arrest-william-barr-contempt/588976/](https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2019/05/house-democrats-could-arrest-william-barr-contempt/588976/)
 ,Yes. Enforce the fucking law already!
 ,Should be arrested. Won’t happen.  Should be impeached. Won’t happen.  Should have balls. Don’t.
 ,Nah but they should definitely arrest Don Jr.  He's a private citizen with no excuse for ignoring a subpoena from a Republican-headed Senate Intelligence Committee.
 ,He's not in contempt yet. The whole House has yet to vote on it.
 ,Send his ass to jail and start fining him exponentially.  Start at $25K.  Next day is $50K.  Next day is $100K.  Let's see how long until he cracks.  We could take bets!  No matter how it turns out *we all win*.
 ,Send the Sargent of Arms to arrest him on Monday.
 ,I got really upset the day he testified after Mueller's letter came to light. I felt like he had lied in previous testimony and the letter is damning proof. Then he sat there and refused to provide answers by purposely giving indirect answers and stalling for time.   I am committing to supporting the process of law and I believe it will be followed in the end. I need to also take a lesson from it and understand that violent resistance isn't an answer even if you feel like this is getting out of hand it will only enrage the opposition. The best resistance to this is large peaceful protests against willful disregard of the law and constitutional precedent.
 ,Take away his bucket of fish!
 ,FYI this article is over a week old.
 ,this is a week old.
 ,Congress is being shown to be a paper tiger. Not good for American Democracy.
 ,I want to start a fund.  Raise as much crowd-sourced money as possible in 14 days with a financial threat to Pelosi:  start holding people in contempt do your goddamn job or all this money goes to your primary challenger.
 ,Good thing he is a Traitor that tried to overthrow our Government and did not Smoke a JOINT...  He would have be in Jail for that Joint..
 ,They did that with Manning
 ,How can Barr be held in contempt when he: 1). Never had to release ANY of the report  and  2). Would be breaking the law himself to release the Grand Jury testimony?  Also  why have only 3 Congressmen gone and looked at the damn unredacted report and they were all Republicans???
 ,Do it Pelosi. So sick of her grandstanding.
 ,I feel like there’s a popular jingle from recent history that would apply here but it’s lost on me. Something about locks? Or bars? Oh wait...  “Break me off a piece of that William Barr?”  Pretty sure that’s it.
 ,Monetary fines will not work.  Mega donors will find a way to pay them for these people through shell companies and slush funds.  They must be incarcerated.  They must use the inherent powers of congress not the DOJ.
 ,Yeah because that will happen. These articles just get everyone's hopes up to ultimately be let down. Same with the two year investigation.
 ,What if trump pardons him?
 ,He’s content being in contempt
 ,At best congress deserves nothing but contempt.
 ,They dont run a jail anymore so how would it work go through a court judge orders remand to some prison?
 ,*"Dear Representative xyz*  *After a blatant inaccurate unjust summary of the Mueller Report keeping the report from Congress for over 50 days now  unprecedented biased press conference to mis-lead the American People further and now not showing up to the House and continuing to hold the not redacted report hostage... William Barr is well beyond 'in contempt' and needs to be arrested immediately.*  *The Attorney General's job is to protect the Constitution not represent the president especially this particular one who exhibits no respect for the Rule of Law whose best friends are tyrants.*  *Robert Mueller's full not redacted report must be immediately delivered to Congress. There are a total of 50 pages Congress has not read yet. Subpoena Mueller to expedite this and take the gloves off with these authoritarian a-holes. You ought to be acting like your job depends on doing these things because it does.**  *Sincerely*  *Your name Address Phone Number Email Address"*
 ,Can someone ELI5 the (probably bs) argument that it would be illegal for Barr to provide Congress the unredacted report?
 ,I'm afraid he might direct obstruction from jail. They should impeach him.
 ,If you or I were held in contempt of congress. We would be in jail. I'm not the attorney general I know. But being held in contempt covers us all the same.
 ,They should but they won't.
 ,but instead they will wag their finger and ask him to stop because it is "too hard and risky to attempt to bring criminals to justice so we are going to let them go on a crime spree and hope they tire themselves out or we can hope to win in 2020 from all the votes we will get for standing back and not doing anything"
 ,They won’t though. They will just hope it all works out.
 ,“Should”
 ,No they shouldn't that's what the Republicans want. So they can point and scream Democrats are jailing our people. This will allow them cover their facist takeover. A better option is to fine him to the fullest extent. That puts pressure on him and can be done in the background preventing a spectacle.
 ,1) It isn't clear Congress has this power. It hasn't been used in over a hundred years. There is no modern Constitution prescient for it. And it isn't at all clear the current Supreme Court would uphold it. We have 5 justices who either in Law School or as Judges have stated Presidential powers have been too eroded since Nixon. There is no clear line in the Constitution saying the Srg. At Arms can arrest people any of Trump's Federal appointments could chip it away or overturn it.  2) There is a logistical problem. The Srg at Arms is one guy. Bar can block him from entering DOJ buildings and just avoid him. What jail are you going to put Bar in?  3) If Bar is arrested he will immediately file a Habeas Corpus petition that he shouldn't be found in contempt either that the contempt itself violates separation of powers and executive privilege or the redacted report and earlier testimony was substantial compliance. So it's still just a fight before the Supreme Court.  End game: Democrats will have to convince a skeptical Supreme Court their Subpoenas don't violate Executive Privilege or Separation of Powers. A court with five justices consistently claiming the Presidency needs to be strengthened and are politically allied with the current President.That argument is a billion times harder if the Attorney General is in a jail cell.
 ,The House can Impeach him and then the Senate must convict this is the only way that Congress can send him to jail. Wake UP!
 ,Can someone explain to me how Barr is in contempt for following congressional law regarding the grand jury testimony? He has offered congress the entire report but they refuse to read it. Also why isn’t Eric Holder in this jail Nancy Pelosi speaks of?
 ,They cant.  I would like to see them try it would be fun.
 ,You mean like how Erik Holder was arrested for Fast and Furious?
 ,Like they did to Eric Holder?   The main reason they won't is they worry what will happen if they send up in the hot seat 😮 They can't set a dangerous precedent for the future.
 ,Agreed but this will never happen to the attorney general of the united states.
 ,Depending on a power unused for ~100 years is not a real strategy.
 ,Lol not going to happen :)
 , As a reminder this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)  In general be courteous to others. Attack ideas not users. Personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.   If you see comments in violation of our rules please report them.  ***   *I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,Now THIS is a Logan act violation unless he is doing it at Trump's direction then it's conspiracy.
 ,They are openly asking foreign governments to investigate his opponents and meddle in the 2020 election. What is Giuliani offering them in return? Trump’s foreign policy and decisions for the rest of his term will revolve around this.
 ,A Democrat should do this. Then Republicans would outlaw it.
 ,And this isn't treason because?
 ,> "We’re not meddling in an election we’re meddling in an investigation which we have a right to do"  Uh no you don't. That's called obstruction you obsequious shit stain.
 ,Giuliani: It's not meddling if we do it in public right?
 ,If Trump iisn't impeached and removed from office we are going to have a civil war because they will steal our election and refuse to leave power peacefully that's where were at.
 ,So this is where we’re at huh? Emboldened by the lack of consequences Individual 1 and Co. are just doing shady stuff and having nefarious dealings out loud now. Apparently there’s a fine line between what is illegal and what is immoral. This administration has no compunction straddling that line in order to exploit whatever potential it may provide for gain.   If a presidential candidate needs the assistance of another country in their election bid because their own country’s support is inadequate they really shouldn’t be anywhere near the White House.
 ,This is the best tl;dr I could make [original](https://washingtonmonthly.com/2019/05/10/giuliani-is-asking-a-foreign-government-to-interfere-in-the-2020-election/) reduced by 86%. (I'm a bot) ***** > On behalf of his client-who happens to be the president of a country that provides Ukraine with hundreds of millions of dollars in foreign aid-Giuliani is asking them to press ahead with an investigation that he thinks could be damaging to Joe Biden one of Trump&#039;s potential opponents in the 2020 election.  > Giuliani isn&#039;t even being subtle about it perhaps because he assumes that the president has gotten away with participating in another foreign government&#039;s attempt to interfere in an election.  > Once that is accomplished the focus should be on the fact that the president&#039;s lawyer is openly asking a foreign government to interfere in the 2020 election.   ***** [**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/bn0sn7/giuliani_is_asking_a_foreign_government_to/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02 ~399073 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **President**^#1 **Giuliani**^#2 **investigation**^#3 **Biden**^#4 **Ukraine**^#5
 ,>“There’s nothing illegal about it” he said. “Somebody could say it’s improper."  The Trump Administration in a nutshell.  We know it's wrong but you can't say it's illegal.
 ,Welp...the precedent has been set. Colluding with the Russians had no consequences so why not?
 ,It’s a fact: republicans can’t win unless they cheat. This is why EVERYONE needs to vote! If everyone votes they won’t win!!! If they do win it will be the end of our democracy and welcome to the United Banana Republic States!
 ,It's like they looked back on the last 3 years and went "that Special council investigation thing was fun. Lets do that again once more with feeling!"
 ,Again?
 ,Can we maybe not let him back into the country?
 ,"NO COLLUSION" - Trump  You keep using that word I do not think it means what you think it means.
 ,Thanks AG Barr- you made this all okay to do.
 ,Another Republican traitor.
 ,Worked last time.  Why wouldn't he try it again?  Get a hostile country to rile up a bunch of numbnuts to vote for a racist who will rob them blind while failing to build the hate wall they didn't know they always wanted.  &#x200B;  It's basically tradition at this point.
 ,So Giuliani is going to Ukraine to look into Biden's son and his financial interest in a gas company that is shipping natural gas from Russia to Ukraine. What about the Russian oligarchs financial investment in an aluminim company in Kentucky to avoid the tariffs imposed by Trump? Doesn't Mitich McConnell and his rich Chinese wife benefit as well? Maybe Rudy should save some money and check into that.
 ,and look it's out in the open can't be illegal then can it??
 ,This is entirely absurd. Seriously? Again? Well of course since there were obviously no repercussions.   I hate that it was Donald Trump that brought our democracy to its knees. This country is fucked it seems
 ,Just two days after Trump went after John Kerry accusing him of violating the Logan act for his meetings with Iranian officials for foreign policy discussions. Its as if Trump planted the seed so when its brought up for Giuliani he can point to Kerry.
 ,**THIS IS STRAIGHT-UP ESPIONAGE**  IMPEACH  ('espionage' is a crime BTW)
 ,Leave it to Rudy to shoot trump in the foot when trump won't do it himself. Let's just hope rudy's cell is full of ferrets (the dude is terrified of them makes sense because they eat rodents like him)
 ,“Russia if you’re listening...”  This shit Giuliani is pulling is pretty much the same thing Trump did in regard to Hillary’s emails. And we all know all how much shit everyone involved in that got into...None. They got into none shit.
 ,Why wouldn't he? They got away with the same thing 3 years ago.
 ,So because they now do it in the open it's somehow ok?
 ,Sounds like they are scared.....good they should be.
 ,Holy shit
 ,In other news the faces of Mount Rushmore appear to be bleeding profusely from their eyes.
 ,I can't tell if this is real life or if I'm playing EU4. Am I meant to use a Support Heir decision here or something?
 ,Might be time for citizens arrests to make a comeback.  I wonder if the NDAA’s indefinite detention clause could be leveraged in the court of law to justify citizens arrests.  This is hyperbole I’m hoping it’s obvious but in all seriousness citizens arrests might be necessary at a certain point if no one in law enforcement is willing to break rank and do the right thing and their jobs.
 ,So is this how what PuttPutt and OrangeMan discussed for 90 minutes?  Gules should stop and think.
 ,Russians...Ukrainians...what's the difference?  They're all working for Putin anyway right?
 ,It is illegal to solicit foreign campaigns.
 ,In....plain.....sight.
 ,Can we just end this bullshit already and get nuked? This is beyond ridiculous now
 ,"we’re meddling in an investigation which we have a right to do"  Lol no Rudy no you don't.
 ,Hey everyone if anything was wrong with working with the Russians I would never be trying the same thing with the Ukrainians.- Americas mayor
 ,We let them get away with it the first time why would they stop? We settled for nothing then and we’ll settle for nothing later.
 ,So basically a Democrat acting as a 'private citizen' could go to Russia to investigate Trump's cooperation with Russia in the last election and use it against him. OK.
 ,What a tool.
 ,well his boss did the same thing in 2016 and it worked for him then!
 ,Lock him up for treason.
 ,How is the FBI not all over this? It’s fucking plastered all over the news....
 ,I doubt Ukraine will do anything. They elected that comedian. He will probably just use Giuliani as material in his next post-election comedy special.
 ,This strategy is hilarious. Lets say they are wildly successful and the investigation finds that Biden's son acted wrongly? What will the conclusion be? Didn't Giuliani just get through making the case that all these things Trump did with the Russians wasn't illegal? Wouldn't a Biden conviction imply something should be done about Trump as well?
 ,How the hell is trump not impeached yet! This is shameful. The MSM Dems GOP and Pelosi are letting this happen. Screw them all.
 ,He's a  Guaido boy now.
 ,Like Hillary Biden would be the easiest of the Democratic primary candidates to beat in a general election.  No more shady neo-libs.
 ,Ah yes “washington monthly”. Truly a pinnacle of journalism.   Could a better source really not be found?
 ,Why not? It worked the last time. Maybe the Dems should do the same?
 ,Getting Factual Information from a Foreign Government is not interfering. Wake UP!!
 ,Hmm this seems familiar...like it was only last week I said that this sub was okay with Hillary saying it but once someone you guys dont like says it you get the pitchforks.  Thanks for proving my point r/politics.
 ,My god next they will be paying a spy millions to get dirt on the Democrats.  Wait the Clinton campaign already did that to the Republicans. Maybe they can get whores to search out Republicans for information.  Wait the FBI already did that to the Trump campaign.
 ,How can we have a fair election when Facebook Google Apple PayPal Chase Manhattan Twitter Patreon and others are censoring conservative voices? We need an Internet Bill of Rights passed before 2020.
 ,[deleted]
 ,Only Trump’s smart enough to start locking up foreign support so early in the campaign. He’s already got Russia in the bag. If there was a Democrat running as smart as Trump he (or she) would already be selling out the US for Chinese backing. It’s not 2012 anymore.
 ,I wouldn’t be surprised if Biden dropped out before primary voting even begins. He doesn’t have the energy to campaign he already looks like a mess and now he’s being hit with his corrupt connections in Ukraine. The full scope isn’t even close to being realized yet. Hopefully they hold the critical details close until after he wins the primary so the whole democratic campaign is sunk underwater. Thanks creepy Joe!
 ,Hillary literally openly asked the Chinese government to obtain and leak Trump's tax returns for the express purpose of effecting the 2020 election.  And lo and behold just a few short days later the NYT obtains and leaks Trump's tax documents.  And the very same liberals who to this day claim Trump jokingly asking for the Russians to find Hillary's emails amounts  to treason are completely okay with this.  But I'd never want a liberal to pass up an opportunity for them to expose themselves for what hypocritical bigots they are.
 , As a reminder this subreddit [is for civil discussion.](/r/politics/wiki/index#wiki_be_civil)  In general be courteous to others. Attack ideas not users. Personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech **any** advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban.   If you see comments in violation of our rules please report them.  ***   *I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/politics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,We need a few hundred more AOC's in Congress.
 ,If you have Netflix or know someone who does watch [Knock Down the House](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knock_Down_the_House).  It profiles 4 women with no elected political experience who run for office in 2018.  Much of the documentary is devoted to AOC.  She is an amazing young woman who is just brimming with energy and grit.  I hope she stays in politics for a while - she is very inspiring.
 ,Americans better get used to her. AOC is going to be president one day and she's not going to wait until she's in her 60s to be in the Oval Office.
 ,Good we need people like her in positions of power.
 ,She is a light in the gloom.  I expect great things from her in the future.
 ,You hear that? That's he sound of a million right wing terrorist heads exploding.   Also just remember pizzacaps - she's not into you no matter how much you obsess over her.
 ,Conservatives are freaking out over this.  Thinking she will over throw trump and become president.
 ,So proud of her.
 ,Shapiro: "DATE... I MEAN *DEBATE ME AOC!"*  AOC: Lol no. Im too busy presiding over the House of Motherfucking Representatives internet troll guy.
 ,I wouldn't mind if she was speaker right now.
 ,That's great.  She's like the genius apprentice full of knowledge and promise. When everyone gets over their initial shock they take it upon themselves to teach them *everything.*  She is a great influence.
 ,Smart balanced fair objective articulate progressive nice honest sincere and handsome.   I really love this woman.   Keep on trucking sister!!
 ,I swear to support her and get her into the White House when she is old enough. I can and will tell all little girls about her and tell them why it is important to support AOC for President when they are old enough to vote.
 ,You go girl
 ,But somethingsomething… garbage disposals.   Seriously she is very AOC in my books she will do well I hope.
 ,Serious question of those of you who support AOC do you support Sanders? If not you should seriously consider that her election victory was made possible by progressive groups and founded by their inspiration of Sanders grass root campaign on small donation.  Warren is a great second choice but she plans to take super pac money in the general and has said as much directly on TYT; which is counter to getting big money out of politics... That alone is why I will never support her over Sanders.  All the other cannidates have conservative backgrounds and only recently adopted progressive ideas as campaign platforms and it is frankly stupid to support them when you have one cannidate who has served as an unapologetic Progressive since the early 90's and without a doubt pursue and implement his campaign promises once in office.  If you support Biden then you really have no right to bash Trump; a cannidate who has been on the wrong side  of history so consistently he was against desegregating classrooms and wrote the crime bill with a veil of racism.   Please centrism will guarantee Trump 4 more years we got in this mess because of lack luster policies and running on our opponents character rather than their record.   And if you think Sanders is too old consider the media immidietely stopped brining up age the moment Biden entered; you are being tricked to settle for a lesser cannidate.
 ,AOC 2024
 ,If she’s the youngest woman who’s the youngest person then?
 ,Looks good with that gavel.
 ,Republicans--the 4chan type--keep pushing the idea that "libruhs" jerk off to AOC. Social media can be so intolerable to go on.
 ,> AOC:Thank you to the people of NY14 + beyond. This House belongs to all of us.    trump supporters: It belongs to billionaires and the elite!!
 ,You go girl!
 ,Correct me if I'm wrong but isn't she the youngest **person** to preside of the House?
 ,Love her.
 ,Such a BADASS!
 ,Viva Alexandria!
 ,Love it! She's a badass as always.
 ,Awful lot of soy in here
 ,I feel like she is going to run for Senate if she can shore up enough political capital to get the party to help carry her.   On a sidenote it’s interesting watching Pelosi try so hard to shun the progressive wing that AOC represents. AOC gets positive press for challenging the establishment and the establishment paints itself as stubborn and deaf to its constituents. She only grows in popularity as Fox drives itself wild with hate press.   I think that makes a Senate seat very likely in her future. A governor position is certainly a political feather for your cap (and especially NY) but going from an upstart national figure to a state level office seems regressive given her talent and ambition.   I think her supporters would actually be disappointed if she stepped off the national stage.   Either way her running for President is guaranteed.
 ,First of many records for her.
 ,Look I don’t really agree with many of her politics I think we need harsher climate change policy and social reform but I think she’s going about it in a way where it sounds more like a fantasy rather than a potential reality.   That being said we need people like her in government to shake things up a little to get discussions going and the call other people out on their shit.
 ,Which is great but you people picked a moron to do it.
 ,Why?
