1,wow what a looney rag that new zealand paper is.  re: the original article.
1,replace shootings with bombings
1,yes these are equally stupid headlines.
1,waiting for nz prime minister to be photographed wearing a crucifix and be posted a million times.
1,common do you seriously believe any rational muslim/christian believes its the entire race of a people when a group or single fanatic is at hand... this interpretation is in line with same yellow journalism we get so upset about.&#x200b;please my friends let us embrace rational and mindful thought and maybe our discourse can evolve from this tribalism nonsense that is drowning us...
1,muslims bomb churches and hotels kill 300. muslims hardest hit.
1,has anyone tried posting this in one of the super left subs and see what bs excuses they come up with for disagreeing with it?
1,you're right that sounds like the greek gods they would vote democrat. :3
1,i fucking love ben shapiro.
1,i get the impression the devil *might* have a political party.
1,i have a cousin that believes all prisoners should be able to vote because she watched some shitty netflix show and thinks 99% of prisoners are innocent.
1,that logic doesn't really apply.. jesus would want open borders free medical care as well as no firearms being the pacifist he was. in reality he would be a mix of both parties. we have to remember there is no "correct" party. just different viewpoints.
1,also he's not overly fond of islam.
1,abolition of sex?  im pretty sure republicans arent endorsing a sexual free-for-all either.  what does he mean here? and considering the kind of person jesus was i dont think hed belong to a party that endorsed the death penalty or the endless pursuit of wealth either. im pretty sure god thinks all our parties could use some adjusting.
1,ben shapiro the hero we dont deserve but the hero we need.
1,pappa shapiro at it again
1,this man speaks straight facts
1,ben wins the internet!
1,i doubt he'd be on the side of people who mutilate little boys either.
1,but god doesnt have a party because there isnt a god and that shouldnt even be a consideration in the law right or left
1,ben shapiro: <in a million more words per minute with a deviated-whiney-septum 5'7" voice > how dare you accuse all people of racism because of the actions of a few! also ben shapiro: everyone is an anti-semite for criticizing the fact that america disfigures its foreign policy on behalf of a bronze age holy book that grants a certain group of people a right to live on the only strip of land in the middle east that doesn't have oil. i listen to every episode of shapiro. when he is right he is super right and when he is a useless shill i think that everything else he says is suspect. sick of his contradictions.
1,she makes an important distinction here. she says that people who are formerly incarcerated should have the right to vote. she also maintains that people who are currently in prison (the terrorists rapists etc.) should not have that right. &#x200b;so i don't view this as a change of tune but rather her saying that ex-cons should be able to vote but not those still serving their sentences.
1,she mustve felt the heat. or maybe it only took her one day to have that conversation.
1,she went to jump on bernie's bandwagon and then discovered it didn't poll well.
1,exclusive to be inclusive. racist to be anti-racist. it makes a lot of sense; to omar to aoc to mad max.
1,they are immoral morons.  remember when they where supposed to be the smart party? lol.
1,operation free speech
1,this one really brought the libs out good on you op
1,let there be breadlines                             feel the bern
1,traditionally real liberals have been the watchdogs for free speech and totalitarianism if you were a right wing fascist first you would have to get the left on your side hmmmm?
1,i don't see how trying to engage in beneficial discussions with the mentally deranged would be fruitful. there may be a few moderates that would listen but then pack mentality just destroyed any hope they would seriously consider any argument from someone on the opposite isle. i've tried that back when i first started reddit and it just made me frustrated and stressed out. i have enough real life problems and don't need to be adding the stress of arguing with online faceless libs.  there are no repercussion for idiots on the web unless they are already well known and even then sometimes they get away with saying whatever they want and you have to look no further than twitter for for proof. it's a well intentioned idea but why stress yourself over the hopeless sheeple?
1,when the left accuses trump of collusion its perfectly fine. but when republicans accuse obama its  automatically bad.
1,this is the 43rd issue of my new york times parody comic at fake nytimes.com. full issue: http://fakenytimes.com/43i don't know why the notre dame cathedral in paris caught fire. last i heard the closest we have to an official cause is a single statement made by an anonymous french judicial police official who believes that the fire was caused by an electrical short circuit. what i do know is that the media's initial reaction to the fire was very unusual. rather than holding to a more journalistically responsible position of "we don't yet know" they made generous use of hedge phrases like repeatedly referring to "the hypothesis" that the fire was an accident. more disturbingly in the wake of the sri lanka church bombings by radical islamic terrorists the new york times seems to be running with the idea that shutting down social media after such tragedies is a good idea. was it fair to look closely at radical islamic terrorism or even simply arson as a cause of the notre dame fire? certainly no more or less than renovations. after all one month ago the church of saint-sulpice in paris was damaged by arson. and this past easter sunday *another* similarly-named french church notre-dame-de-grce also burned and investigators are treating that one as arson. and churches are frequently vandalized in france in a variety of different ways including arson. control of the cultural narrative is slipping away from mainstream media. and while this can certainly be problematic the difficulties we face from using social media are nothing compared to the damage caused by reliance on mainstream media.
1,dnc dictates who will run: bernie was the front runner over clinton in 2016 but washerman-shultz put the fix on that...same will happen with joe joe they will put him up and then minds explode. lulz for days.
1,modern day journalism is bad for the country
1,just go stealth as an easter worshiper....
1,lol she thinks well get mad over something that weve been asking for the longest time now. some of these people are so out of touch its sad
1,it always saddens me when i see people say things like that because 9/10 it means they've genuinely never spoken to a conservative or trump supporter and that means either we failed to deliver our message or they failed to listen
1,i feel like people in other countries just hear the liberal propaganda on social media and think thats how the us is. i can see how this would happen because most of us (democrats) have jobs and cant sit on social media all day.
1,wait... a trump supporter is supposed to be mad because this beautiful and determined young lady is a legal citizen through her own hard work and tenacity? mad? why?? guys stop letting the anti-trump media spoon-feed you the bullshit. seriously. dont be a sheep. develop your own opinions and dont judge/generalize so harshly.
1,why does no one seem to understand the difference between legal and illegal immigration??
1,i mean this is what happens. honestly she shouldnt be made fun of. a lot of media demonizes and misconstrues the rights points under the guise of morality.  media makes up a narrative and normalizes it. its easier for people to believe especially if they never actually interact with right wing views or their only interactions are with people they dont like that are right wing (ex. grandparents parents strangers) even for non political reasons.
1,the democratic party's (and by extension the medias) purposeful role in conflating legal immigration with illegal immigration is outrageous and highly irresponsible. they know damn well what the current administrations stance is regarding both. but they're more interested in pushing a narrative that republicans are anti-immigration as a whole resulting in uninformed people thinking this way. which is sad because obtaining your citizenship is supposed to be a special proud unifying moment.
1,republicans should have voter registration tables outside so that we can sign up new citizens after they are sworn in.
1,this thread seems pretty celebratory. what do you think of my parents who took 20 or so years to gain citizenship (because of your horrible citizenship process >:() and are devout devout muslims? how far does the congratulatory tone extend? no shade curiosity.
1,whay mad? hmmm anyways congratulations for being a legal american citizen! 
1,if thats what you (and i personally) want how is your party trying to achieve more legal immigration?
1,theres a lot of dumb in todays political climate
1,clearly doesnt know americas politics too well
1,they think supporting trump is being against all immigration.
1,i remember when this happened she got so pissed that republicans we're congratulating her.  she kept replying to stop that she just wanted retweets not people replying.   was so funny
1,great! more diversity! we dont care if you enter legally we care if you enter *illegally*!
1,i'm more mad about her cream pie. did she mean *tres leches* pie?
1,welcome to america. now go get an education cuz it seems youre lacking
1,i never understood why some people think republicans don't want immigration. they don't realize the difference between legal and illegal
1,thats awesome. every conservative/republican i know has admiration and pride in immigrants wanting to make america their home.
1,well this just proves that obtaining citizenship is so easy an idiot can do it.
1,deport imigrants
1,those companies are creating things that are consumed by individuals
1,so how do you get those 100 corporations to stop creating so much emissions?
1,if it would criminalize a practice that "doesn't exist" then why did they have to veto it? lynching isn't a thing anymore but *literally* no one objected to passing that bill. it is equally unacceptable to lynch a person as to kill a baby. we pass the anti-lynching bill and then use the excuse that drowing babies born alive doesn't exist now so it doesn't matter? so sad.
1,i would just like to point out that news guard rates this site as "severely violating basic standards of credibility and transparency." [full report here.](https://api.newsguardtech.com/1083a46ba6aa9ced07d1949f9e59995f99e77b90a93c5083658265d6ecc8fe2cc053dd1abef95b84bfe9fc9db04cd633740be6c5c154f61b?cid=20baf696-0cfd-4e31-91fd-f025c9f3e54b) i'm not saying this article is necessarily false but please always be careful and research sources.
1,it was well covered
1,christians?!! you mean "easter worshippers"?!
1,its a gun control thing.  new zealand was a shooting with a ridiculous knee-jerk reaction from the law makers on gun control.  a bombing just illustrates how useless gun control is to actually curb terrorism so not a big story.
1,this is not from rep. crenshaws twitter account. given the easter worshipper stuff i'm sympathetic to this statement but as others have pointed out it seems like it was actually covered pretty much everywhere. that coupled with the similarities in wording between this and the congressman's reaction to rep. omars statements about 9/11 seems like this is just more fake news from a fake twitter account.
1,easter worshippers not christians.
1,i think a lot of people who are responding are missing the point. here in australia we had 24/7 live news on developments of the nz shooting for about a week i would say. after that there was still numerous news stories about it. it is too early to tell if the same will be done for sri lanka as it has only been two days since the attack. so far of course there has been reporting. the problem is that it is nowhere near the amount that nz got and what i find strange is the lack of mention of islamic terrorism. they are so quick to call out white supremacist terrorism but never islamic terrorism. very interesting.
1,these easter worshippers....
1, the bullshit media is bullshit. we know  the narrative import muslim men into your country to destabilize it. if  you say anything you are a racist. when  something happens to a muslim like a mosque shooting pass laws wear  hijabs and generally feel like they are the biggest victims ever. forget  their transgressions. when they do something wipe that shit off the front page. someone should count how many times new zealand made the front page of reddit and how many times killing christians did.
1,i think part of the people complaining about the coverage is that it never said anything about being an attack on christian's when it's an attack on muslims it seems to be reported more as a hate crime . i believe obama and hillary referred to the christian's as easter people.
1,the promiennt establishment is severely biased with personal agendas. old news.
1,once again pro-muslim comments/agenda and anti-american.
1,it makes me sick to my stomach to listen to this woman open her mouth.
1,how much longer do we allow a sitting congresswoman to trash our country and our troops and our values?
1,its part of the worldwide pussification agenda. personally im resisting with whiskey cigars small women and big guns.
1,i thought this was r/yiffinhell for a second then i read the rest and i dont even know
1,is our american masculinity that fragile that we are threatened by the clothing of british police officers doing community out reach? its not my thing but if they enjoy it cheers to them.
1,ok it's a sweet story. but i simply can't take any writing seriously that has blatant grammatical or stylistic errors like this.  particularly when they are in the headline and repeated. you can not be reunited with someone you have never met.
1,notice the like count difference too. sickening.
1,what's an easter-worshipper lol
1,[obamas own words- why he is hesitant to use islamic extremism.](https://youtu.be/ct de5z-fnew) pretty interesting video. what are yalls impressions?
1,to the entire left im an easter worshipper
1,looks good definitely subbing
1,the headline is a little misleading. they're not being blocked by twitter but by users using a tool called repeal shield:from the article:>  repeal shield is a service run by volunteers to improve the  experience of twitter for pro-choice users. repeal shields own bio on  the platform describes them as blocking blatant harmful anti-choice  misinformation so you dont have to. simply put repeal shield is a  list of over 8000 twitter users who troll pro-choice twitter users along  with bots and fake accounts. \[\]. when you activate repeal shield on  block together they will link up your twitter accounts and block these  users from appearing in your feeds and from being able to engage with  you.*&#x200b;so it's people who are pro-choice blocking pro-lifers using a tool designed for pro-choicers to block pro-lifers.&#x200b;the real controversy if you can call it that is that groups that don't have anything to do with abortion are blocking out people who are pro-life simply because they're pro-life. it's akin to someone from r/twoxchromosomes blocking people who are on /r/republican because they're on /r/republican even if they've never gone to /r/twoxchromosomes.
1,why would they be shocked? everyone knows how left twitter is. even facebook is pretty left.
1,why would they be shocked? it's not news that twitter low-key fucks with conservatives.
1,free speech only when it fits the right agenda.
1,this guy was considered a joke candidate even by his own party.
1,starting to think this guy isn't so great
1,hes the gift that just keeps on giving
1,and i thought it was impossible for cpl to become scummier....
1,this dude is going way way down.
1,well... dem's are very picky and demand apologies for anothing from their candidates so i'm not sure this guy with only "i defended a famous pornstar against trump" in his resume would be enough :p
1,the perfect democrat candidate.
1,clearly the leftists are in a full blown freak out as trump 2020 becomes their new reality
1,well that viewpoint ain't a surprise considering his line of work.
1,maybe he should write a letter explaining his view points and then cure the planet of himself.
1,he could easily start to fix the problem by taking his own life
1,well hes not wrong but that still isnt an excuse
1,the earth was given to us by god in order for us to grow and learn. life is unique throughout the galaxy and humans are the highest expression of life. it is only liberal paranoia that could view us as a cancer. i understand their arguments but i disagree with them at every point.
1,and yet he doesn't have the decency to kill himself what a nimby guy.
1,sadly there is just not a large enough constituency behind this.
1,in her district 80% vote democrat. a nypd cop-turned-high-school-civics teacher and conservative talk-radio producer doesn't have a prayer.>egyptian american journalist maybe... but she is ugly and old and aoc is pretty and young... and she is also gop. not a prayer in hell. the only chance we have of being rid of her is if nancy pelosi gets her pals to primary her out.
1,so whatll happen is that if she loses her seat gov cuomo will appoint her senator when kristin gillibrand wins the general election in 2020. easy peasey.
1,this is probably the most understandable description of trumps foreign policy i have read. its not often i see so many philosophers mentioned in a political article either. it gave it some weight but i think it was used a bit heavy handed. while i also agree that his policies do in fact run counter to globalism i think that nationalism isnt quite the right word to describe it. trump doesnt seem like the flag waving in the background patriotic speech type. its more like reminding ourselves what the american dream mythos was. its not helping the world to feel holier than thou its hope and knowing that better is always there. i think we got distracted by trying to spread democracy like it was a damn religion and trying to act like missionaries across the world and in the process lost site of what american was and should be.
1,illegal immigration costs 100billion a year.
1,pretty sure they just wrote a bunch of words and hoped it made a coherent sentence.
1,the song represents the struggle against tyranny the maintenance of some shred of personal sovereignty in the face of an oppressive regime. maggie... take a deep breath. do a google search. just because the song has a german word in it does not make it a hat tip to adolf himself.
1,so i went to read the second article: [https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2018/07/08/government-drops-doctor-says-gender-given-birth/](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2018/07/08/government-drops-doctor-says-gender-given-birth/)&#x200b;and the first :  [https://metro.co.uk/2018/06/06/nhs-doctor-decapitated-baby-botched-birth-cleared-return-work-7608758/](https://metro.co.uk/2018/06/06/nhs-doctor-decapitated-baby-botched-birth-cleared-return-work-7608758/) once you read it you realise these are not the same stories and are not comparable. the latter doesn't work for the nhs anymore anyway and was working for the government the department for work an pensions as a disability assessor. he can still be a doctor. he simply lost his non-nhs job. from the telegraph article:>dr david mackereth has worked for 26 years as an nhs doctor but was told he could not be employed as a [department for work and pensions (dwp) ](https://www.gov.uk/government/organisations/department-for-work-pensions)disability assessor if he refused to identify patients as being of a sex that they did not see themselves as. one story is a doctor who made a mistake and was allowed to work again. the latter is a doctor who stopped working as a doctor and was working in a quite different role and refused to do something the employer required him to do as an employee because their lawyers told them it was a legal requirement. he was not even sacked/fired he told his employers he couldn't meet the terms of contract as an employee so they didn't proceed with employment. please don't allow false comparisons like this to colour your views.&#x200b;(this comment was posted on jbp and r\\politic sub by another redditor for the exact same post (by a different user) but holds true i agree what the doctor did is horrifying she however probably did her best in this unusual situation. again these two cases are simply not comparable as their contexts are highly different you should read the relevant article. one also needs to accentuate the fact that dr. laxman tried to carry out a successful birth but failed due to unusual circumstances the article states that she followed all the expected procedures)
1,i respect religion and those who hold it dear but i am not personally religious. but how in the heck is the idea of having one of two genders a christian belief? pretty sure its the norm for every society in the world.
1,press honk to pay respects
1,we truly are doomed. im not even american im just scared the extreme liberalisme will spread across the world
1,the implications of clown world. inb4 but i believe in magic sky man so im stupid too
1,hehe science is wrong climate change doesnt exist not tryna be a dick so dont go offended mode mate
1,that's just bullshit. i mean ok you can be pro-life pro-choice or whatever but don't bring science into this saying "it have been decided.&#x200b;science says the potentiel for life is present from day one but no one can clairly specify at witch point the foetus become sentient. this is why it is  *religious or metaphysical questions that are not knowable in the traditional sense.* &#x200b;worst part is those arguments who are proven bullshit come back again and again as if no one bother to do reserch.
1,new hampshire is most certainly not one of the most liberal states. the governor is a republican trump supporter.  new hampshire gave the world kelly ayotte.  there are a bunch of birch society believers there. heck the crying nazi calls nh home.  purple state  for sure.
1,thats what freedom of religion is all about though
1,the catholics have long known the number of popes it is over. this is the or an anti-pope. why could you not tell by watching him?                       a commie pope? really?
1,nyt finally admits that there is a possibility that water may be wet.
1,might not be that factual?  i love how they parse each and every word in a desperate attempt to keep this thing going.
1,this article is also claiming that the claim of collusion was "false"&#x200b;so i think both agencies are spinning rather than reporting....
1,well that's good it's only been two and a half years.
1,the nyt lol trash for the bottom of a dog house.
1,how about the apology?  was there any?  probably not.
1,why were they there to begin with?
1,unbelievable the biggest gap not on a coast or border is in our very own texas
1,this will never reach the masses that is the control they have.
1,hear that democrats? it turns out black people want the same thing as white people jobs to make a living.
1,all the liberal voting models indicate they think theyll maintain +99% of the black vote conservatives dont even get near that range with old white men this simply wont hold up long term.
1,it sickens me that republicans have always been inept at messaging.  the leaders of the party simply dont know how to communicate in general let alone to share the positive influence and impact of their policies.  reaching the black community should be a priority.  republicans should be hammering away with messaging that tells this group exactly how the job market has turned in their favor.   its not enough to claim unemployment is down.   tell them the why behind it.   what has affected this?   trade policies repatriation of american dollars and jobs.   educate them!!! hammer this message repeatedly along with other policy points and show and why it benefits them.  concurrently show them how a democrats have produced nothing but a continuation of their pain.   show them why that happens.   liberal tax policies in the cities have driven business out of cities.  look what aoc just did to amazon!!  do the same on other issues for the public in general.  communicate!!!  teach!!
1,(1) no shit measles is virtually eradicated in the us that's why they are outbreaks not a disease spreading amongst the population. (2) they're talking about international travelers not immigrants. people from the us who go abroad on vacation or mission trips or whatever come back exposed to measles and infected spreading the illness. this is an anti vaxxer article. let's get some facts in here. every disease has a statistical spreading factor r that is if one person is infected how many people they will infect in an unvaccinated population. measles has a very high r number of 14. given the efficacy of the vaccine if about 92-94% of the population does not get vaccinated the disease will spread in the population. it will kill immunocompromised old and very young it can cause severe illness and death. it is nothing to be fucked it.
1,guys this is an anti-vaxxer article. what are you doing...
1,yeah and antivaxxers allow it to spread
1,i think this was posted in the wrong place. should be in r/stupidlogic
1,i have had to ride a ferry to work(construction) for many years. many other than americans ride as well. i never ride inside. always outside as far forward as i can get rain or shine. i'm uninfected. others aren't.
1,matinee that. we should have something like....immigration control!
1,obama definitely dropped the ball.  but our government continues to do so.  this isn't a left/right thing.  our government across multiple presidencies is not fighting russia effectively or intelligently.  they have committed a war act against us and we are sitting around fighting each other.
1,so you mean to tell me that half of cnn/abc reporters are married into the dnc but you want to say that russians got on twitter and thus meddled with the election?
1,also the obama administration knew they was interference coming from russia two years before the election and susan rice was told to do nothing about it.
1,i dont understand. you have to find the meddling before devoting resources to stopping it right? so say they hired 1 agent to stop the meddling. how would you direct his actions?
1,and russia put trump in there so he could put america first? so he could boost the economy and jobs? gasp
1,the links to trump and the trump campaign were painted all over the place. if he's going to be found innocent it must be because of a through investigation. how else? if nothing else we know russia's involvement now. hopefully we've learned and can stop it next time around.
1,ive pointed this out before but it isnt the whole generation.
1,huh... i don't think it applies generally even when talking about liberals. my friends and i have debates all the time. i do not recall someone getting offended at all. i think the way internet work it makes you think the whole generation is getting offended constantly but i do not think it reflects the reality.
1,it is the extreme few that we ever hear of on the news.   media is to blame making us think that the views of a minuscule minority somehow mean anything to the rest of us.
1,liberals. give them enough time and they can and will corrupt anything
1,most people become offended only when told to do so.
1,refer to the episode where kyle went all pc and started millenials against canada...
1,why do south park and family guy now constantly critique millennials and academia for political correctness?
1,honestly though! south park literally makes episodes about exploiting crack babies and stupid spoiled whore but water is racist these days.
1,this is akin to a facebook post.
1,maybe the generation prior should have been more involved not let them waste so much time watching all of that insightful gibberish.
1,damn good question. i was raised on it too and im not sure where others started getting offended. maybe it has to do with the internet. i stopped using social media 5 years ago. it was making me crazy. since then ive noticed im less stressed out.
1,they are sheep.
1,pretty ridiculous considering most republicans are still clutching their pearls over the idea of gay marriage and marijuana legalization
1,yeah ive seen this post before and also im part of the generation and conservative as well. most of the people my age are either conservative or dont care about politics.
1,this sentence is boomer heroin
1,i believe current outrage culture comes from a lack of identity for millenials. boomers have vietnam the civil rights movement and the huge economic prosperity of the 50's and 60's gen x xan identify with the boom in technology in areas like health military advancement and even video games which set the foundation for the advanced tech we have today millenial are currently lost in their identity in response they create outrage and try to "fight" for equality to form their own identity.
1,the same way republicans get upset when you point out trump isnt pro gun
1,look at who the creators are. they all are far left liberals.
1,im from liberal north jersey and in high school. in 6th grade a became conservative and outcasted but know 3 years later i know of 40 other conservatives in my class of 300
1,because it was never offensive to them. they were and are all too happy to pater les bourgeoisie but cannot abide one slight.
1,its the millennials that are offended. not us. you should see our online comedy.  also gen zers that care and know about politics are largely republican/conservative. were nothing like the millennials. the only thing id say we are similar to them is that gen zers born in the early 2000s id say 00-05 or 06 childhoods werent filled with i phones i pads etc.
1,its actually due to lack of bullies. all these years these kids were able to grow up undisturbed and were allowed to be weird. there was a lack of normalcy. its not about the uhhh liberals ruin everything its about that these kids didnt have anything that limited them from straying from the norm. we sheltered this generation and made it appear as if it was okay to be gay trans and offended when they were referred to not  what they like.
1,i don't think we need this amendment anymore. it was proposed in order to remove the influence of trusts from the state legislatures appointing the senators. we don't live in the progressive era anymore so i'd say that it should be repealed.
1,i'm not sure this amendment is needed. we really need to isolate power from the will of the masses now that it's easier than ever to manipulate huge groups of people with propaganda and misinformation. election of senators via state legislature is probably the way it should be.
1,should be repealed to move toward more constitutional government.
1,this just leads to the senate being used for sound bites pandering and less power to states
1,this amendment honestly just makes the executive more powerful as when congress doesn't do the presidents bidding the president can go over the heads of congress appeal to the people and either get them replaced with congressmen who agree with the president who scare the current ones from disagreeing with the president. we saw woodrow wilson do this time and again especially with the federal reserve
1,needs to be repealed.  this was how the states themselves participated in federal government.  taking that away took much of the states agencies of self-governance away and turned them more into provinces.
1,>it is a difficult plan. it is a necessary plan.... estimates that tell us that we have only 12 years to get it right. lets be clear we have until 2030 to change things fundamentally or our lives wont be the same de blasio said at an earth day event yesterday. the left must always use a "crisis" in order to justify this crap.
1,rip delis and hotdog carts? that should be interesting.
1,big hot dog was late with their protection money.
1,there aren't many things more iconic than getting a hot dog from a hot dog cart in nyc. how fucking stupid.
1,headline: "nyc to ban hot dogs and processed meats"body: city government has decided to reduce the amount of processed and red meat it purchases for its own facilities. no effect on anything else. the politics of outrage. anyway doesn't matter if nyc elected a militant vegan environmentalist. the nathan's lobby is too strong. no one's taking down the hotdog man (thank god).
1,i mean they also banned big gulps and made misgendering somebody a punishable offense so this really isnt that shocking
1,remember lads all these folks consider themsleves to be "pro-choice" except guns schools freedom of expression and apparently hot-dogs and processed meat...
1,the left loves using the levers of government to control your behavior when it comes to everything from shopping bags to soda to what kind of toilet you're allowed to install in your home. but then they'll turn around and throw a shit-fit if they aren't allowed to get stoned and abort babies. they'll call you the puritan as they continue to demand more and more control over your daily lives.
1,the purpose of hot dogs is to use everything and not be wasteful.  what a bunch of imbeciles
1,the left is insane; it would be like chicago banning pizza's.
1,banning hot dogs? are the politicians trying to start a riot?
1,insanity/insand/*noun** extreme foolishness or irrationality.plural noun: **insanities**"it might be pure insanity to take this loan"*synonyms:*folly foolishness foolhardiness idiocy stupidity imbecility asininity lunacy madness silliness senselessness brainlessness thoughtlessness irrationality illogicality absurdity ludicrousness ridiculousness;
1,wait.....   read the article.  not seeing any hot dog ban.   it looks like they are reducing meat consumption in all the schools jails and hospitals.   did i miss something?
1,additionally vermont shut down their nuclear power plant (a source of clean power) and their carbon emissions **increased** as a result as the people turned to cheap coal rather than solar and wind as the greens predicted. not everyone can afford such expensive sources of power.
1,nyc is banning hot dogs? hahahahahaha
1,i'm going to start a hotdog wholesale outfit and smuggle the 'dogs into the city for folks. i'm gonna be rich.
1,this will stop china and india from fucking the planet how? its them doing all the damage really...
1,i would give a reward to someone posting a photo of that petty  tyrant deblasio (willhelm!) in a steak house on a monday. i'll bet he he still eats meat on monday. (i doubt he slums it with a nathan's or slim-jim though.)
1,completely misleading headline:"the plan will cut purchases of red meat by 50 percent in its city-controlled facilities such as hospitals schools and correctional facilities."
1,imagine this on the meeting agenda. "hot dogs hot or not?" seems like nyc has much more to worry about than hot dogs but hey i guess this is why ny is in the state it is currently in.
1,so now the deadline is 2030? these lines in the sand keep getting crossed and new lines drawn.
1,if it was really that important to them they would ban them now or like jan 1 2020.  not in 11 years.
1,jesus fucking christ. immature little hispanic valley girl alexandria ocasio cortez makes the completely unfounded statement we have only 12 years to live and  to save all humanity we must put nathan's out of business. i hope some that voted for de blasio lllloooooove hot dogs.
1,the first thing i did after reading the title was check to make sure the story wasn't from the babylon bee or the onion. its so hard to tell anymore.
1,congratulations to mayor de blasio for solving climate change. let's name another bridge--after him this time!
1,i'll preface this by saying i graduated from college and paid off my student loans. this is a way oversimplification of the problem. the biggest issue is public universities have jacked up tuition astronomically in the last 20 years. basically since fafsa started. the greedy university board members want all those sweet government dollars they can get and they've been jacking up tuition ever since. and people who don't have wealthy parents or trustfunds are left with financial options that a lot  aren't fully capable of understanding at 18 yo.
1,i disagree with this for a few reasons. i do agree there are lots of people who signed up for far more in loans than they ever should have for degrees that are barely worth the paper they are printed on but i worked 2-3 part time jobs at the same time to attend a public university to get a degree in engineering and i still have debt. it is a manageable amount of it but it isnt by any means small either. i do disagree with student loan forgiveness because i knowingly signed up to owe this money and i have every intention of repaying every cent as it has helped me to live a more fulfilling life but to act like you could work part time and then full time all summer and come out debt free even from a state university is just not even remotely accurate.
1,i pay less then 7k a year for college and im doing just fine. dont pay 40k a year for a gender studies course and you will be okay
1,i worked 2 jobs while going to school full time. it was hard. i still had to take student loans. i took them out with the full understanding i had to pay them back. and they are scheduled to be paid off in 24 months. i acquired the debt i have to pay it off. not a hard concept l. i dont expect someone to pay it off for absolutely nothing
1,so maddening. steven crowder said it best they want us to pay for some kid to study underwater basket weaving. give me a break. my sister heard warren say this and thought it was a good idea i looked at her and said who do you think is going to pay for that? i pointed at her and then at myself. she was like oh didnt think about that.
1,have to side with the left on this one. university isnt affordable and community colleges are hit or miss depending on your area. hard work in todays job climate doesnt get you rent + college degree. it makes us look out of touch and arrogant. i make over $15 an hour and my living expenses do not allow me to pay for $204 a credit hour. (and my state is on the cheap side)i dont support free education but take the government out of backing student loans that will cause prices to plummet + incentivizes students to get real worthwhile degrees.
1,i worked full time classes in evenings still ended up with a shit ton of debt.  being a middle class white dude meant no grants or "special" scholarships for me.  believe me i wish the loans would go away but i'm realistic and know that will never happen nor should it.  just gotta keep truckin and pay it down.
1,do you honestly think its still possible to completely pay off your college debts working part time at a minimum wage job? fuck off boomers
1,wut? i worked part time during school and full time during the summer. i also got grade based scholarships and other scholarships that required ~10 hours a week. all that and i still graduated with a ton of debt.
1,not really. but the fact is the people who go to school and cant pay for it want the people who didn't go and the people who have paid theirs off to be forced to help them. how is that fair?         also i want to see how this will work because what about people that keep switching majors and stay indefinitely?
1,i'm still in debt after being in the guard and working full time while going to school :) i'm glad i have a guaranteed job to pay off those loans when i graduate tho! (this isn't sarcasm. i'm genuinely happy for myself)
1,i went for 1 year of community college ended up just failing miserable i realized college isnt for me like the worst way to teach me is to tell me to read a book because thats the most useless way of learning imo. i ended up taking a 1 year web design online course to stay on insurance so i would have something to my name. when it got closer to graduation i felt the weight of not having health insurance adhd medicine is hella expensive and wanting to be able to actually move out in my own as i was getting married in 14 months i applied to any job i could find and ended up working as a termite technician. long story short: fuck anyone who votes for the candidate that is promising to take my tax dollars to pay for their shitty degree.
1,youre gonna have to do more than that to pay it off but i will agree that anyone can get a good paying job after college but they have to actually intern or hold jobs that are good (not getting in a discussion of exploited labor through internship if thats all you can get then go for it). they cant just drink and play video games like i saw when i went those are the ones saying their degree is not marketable.
1,worked full time went to school full time and had a non-paying internship and still have about 30k in debt...
1,youre not going to pay off 24k in debt working at mc donalds.
1,i don't have the option to attend a state university or community college in oregon that has the kind of clinical i need for my degree. the college i am going to costs about 55k per year. i have received 30k per year in scholarships and my boyfriend received the same amount in scholarships. we are still looking at a lot of debt and that's only for our undergrads. i do not agree with loan forgiveness either her because my schooling was my choice. however i do not party and i  and i have worked very hard nights and weekends and that is not enough to come out debt free and on top for a lot of people.
1,universities are so expensive now. its not about a person working hard because its not comparable to years past. no matter what side of the party line youre on i think both parties agree there needs to be reform in the college system.
1,there is no job a high school graduate can work that will pay for college with 3/4 of a years wages. you know this is true you have access to a calculator. why are you framing it this way?
1,part time doing what selling drugs?  tuition is $15k a year by itself....
1,we need student loan reform. 1. student loans are almost impossible to get out of. even private ones at 14% are nondischargable debt. we need the lenders and the schools to be on the hook for some of this. schools should be held accountable for their graduates and their income. lenders should be held to reasonable expectations of loaning and payback based on the states in state tuition at public schools. 2. public interest loan forgiveness should be done year by year and based off of what you're doing and what it "should" cost. we shouldn't subsidize someone who went to duke and incurred $200000 in student loan debt for a gender studies degree and works for a non profit. 3. student loans should be amortized and not allow huge capitalization of interest. 4. more to come...
1,the thing i dont get is how they cant comprehend that the debt on their books is a receivable on someone elses. so yay you got your debt erased what about the other party that had a receivable for that amount?
1,i worked nearly full time (35 hours) to pay my way through college and watched all the liberal arts majors drink their brain cells away on daddys dime.  i have no sympathy for these lazy morons.  they knew they were assuming debt and did nothing about it.  we cant reward bad behavior.
1,i disagree with this. i attend a private university which costs around 40k per year (erau). i don't feel that it is reasonable to assume that i could pay for that with a part-time job during the school year and a full time job during the summer. i worked a full time job year round and i am leaving school with massive debt.
1,you think working part time and full time in summers is enough to pay for college? what kind of job are you working?
1,i worked three jobs and went to school. still had to take on student loans. thankfully just $5000. paid that off asap. the system is rigged. for example physical therapists now require a doctorate. many programs want you to focus on school and wont allow you to have a job. its rigged to force loans while the administrative staff quadruple over and over.
1,if we allow default on student loans and tie repayments to the university's funding watch them suddenly bend over backwards to ensure students get jobs and that tuition stay affordable
1,this is one area i wish someone on the right would tackle. i don't want my tax dollars paying for some tri-kin purple haired racial gender diaspora graduate. but i know people who are in massive amounts of debt who won't see their quality of life improve for years because of their debt to income ratio. i wouldn't be against something in between. i'm sure youve all read the horror stories or professors forcing you to buy their books new because they want tht money and not because the new books has anything the older versions dont. the books alone could save you a couple grand from your student debt if they weren't so damn expensive. also i had a cousin who worked collecting student loans. a lot of people would go into debt and then things would happen like a family member would get hurt and they had to leave or they got hurt or they were in the military and fell through the cracks. that last one he said happened more than anyone wants to talk about. id love to know if its still the case.
1,you must be higher than giraffe pussy if you think working part time during the school year and full time during the summer will absolve the debt accrued by attending college.
1,i had scholarships worked 30-39 hrs a week at ~$12/hr and still wound up with a truckload of student loans (all now paid off).  i graduated 12 years ago and tuition has only gone up since then.  this is an oversimplification and grows less accurate by the year.
1,nice strawman meme. working through college does not remotely pay for it. even at $20+/hr 25hrs per week you'll barely approach 20-30% of tuition+ housing costs. and how many studentscan get that much pay? as there's not really actual forgiveness/default for federal student loans panel 2 is basically meaningless. who 'partied through college' graduated and then obtained your money to pay for it? and don't talk to me about the peace corps or income based repayment because that actually doesn't get you off the hook. the system is screwed in a lot of ways but this meme utterly fails in a big way.
1,i was in the military for 9 years and have my gi bill.  i haven't used it yet partly because i already have a solid and lucrative career with a major aerospace company.  i'm a prime example of the fact that a college degree isn't always necessary to make decent money.  "decent money" is a relative term anyway.  if you avoid having kids live within your means and focus on saving it turns out that you really don't need that much.  i make less than $60k a year.  as for this particular issue i oppose federal loans and i support industry education - meaning companies are generally interested in sponsoring the education of someone who can be of benefit to them.  a strong performer in biochemical engineering for example might be able to find sponsorship with a petroleum company.  boeing might be interested in funding someone's education at embry riddle.  meanwhile someone who wants to major in lesbian dance theory would have to fund their own education as there isn't a job market for those "skills" as it should be.
1,it's because the youth lack personal responsibility. as a millennial i think millennials have ultimately killed it altogether. no one ever takes responsibility for their problems anymore because their problems are always caused by someone else. if there's one thing my generation is great at it's shifting the blame not getting involved to fix a problem and then blaming everyone else. most of us are petty children who are getting to their late 20s and 30s and still have no idea what it means to be an adult.
1,500$ payments for an average tuition add that to expenses
1,worked 3 part time jobs throughout my college career (4 at one point during the summer) and graduated with minimal debt.  paid it off two years ago.  it can be done but that means you can't absolve yourself of the responsibility for your debts and defer to the nanny state to erase your mistakes.
1,allowing student loans discharge via bankruptcy is the only acceptable solution (not limited to the ridiculous limited standard currently in place) bankruptcy is intended to provide a fresh start and almost all other types of debt are permissible. just cancelling debt without any consequences is a terrible approach. bankruptcy has consequences.
1,i guess i have no hat in this ring since my college is paid for by the government. i wanted to do 20 years in the army but i got medically discharged and now i feel awful for having tax payers being forced to pay for my worthless english degree. if i don't get into the mba program by next year i wasted four years of my life *and* tax payer money.
1,i worked full time all four years and then some. still paying my loans but not complaining
1,still doesn't address why the cost of education has far outpaced the rate of inflation.  could it be all the government backed money available?  nah let's not look there.  could it be the ridiculous salaries of the football and basketball coaches?.  nah couldn't be.  what about the funds spent on the sports programs that's over half of the yearly budget?  nope nothing to see here.
1,even working all the time you cannot pay for all of school at most jobs these days. the cost is very inflated. it is 12k per year minimum for uof l not counting other costs
1,i worked numerous part time jobs and joined the national guard to help pay my way through. only got loans to help cover tuition and books and left with minimal debt that i have fully paid off. i'll be damned if i should help pay for those students borrowing living cost so they don't have to work at all for 4+ years.
1,damn glad that my minimum wage job pays the $40k a year that my tuition is.....
1,i mean i raged face almost every weekend in college couldve graduated early if i really wanted to and also worked a part time job. its not ideal but if you learn how to manage your time you really can do it all in school. sure you might work friday night then saturday morning but you still get saturday night to go out and rip your own face off.
1,i was signed up for a student loan without knowing what i was signing when i was 18. my dad was paying my way through college and all of a sudden i had a $5k loan... i was going to a 30k/year school and didn't need the money nor did i ever see the money but i was signed off for it. i ended up enlisting and using the gi bill for my mba but there are predatory loans for kids dumb enough (that was me!!!) to sign them.
1,plus colleges are just jacking up their prices while loans are trying to catch up.  its a positive feedback loop.  basically colleges know they can charge more and loans have to be increased as a result.  degrees as well don't do what they used to.  i was talking to my roommate earlier today and he was saying on of his girlfriend's coworkers has a masters in psychology and is working at a starbucks granted she probably doesn't have related work experience but it is an example of how if you don't make the right decisions at the right time you will fail at life.
1,at the end of the day it comes down to pure fiscal responsibility. i went to school with folks who are in graduate school paid their way through undergrad and will be debt free in the next year or two solely based upon their ability to be fiscally responsible.  funny how everyone i know whos still in a bunch of debt are liberals who went to for psychology or a liberal arts degree and didnt pursue any higher education.
1,[reminds me of the **college educated** "instagram star" that has no job skills outside of stripping hooking and supersizing your french fries.  can't wait to pay for *her* student debt!](https://www.theblaze.com/news/instagram-star-sobs-over-idea-of-getting-real-job)
1,i got a "full" scholarship to a bottom tier school and worked 1-3 part-time jobs the entire time.  i ended up with about 25000 in debt due to fees books and col that outmatched my earnings.  my debt is worth it and i'm not upset about paying it off.    i know a lot of people who went to better schools (they could have been accepted into mine and went for free but it wasn't prestigious enough) never worked and ran up loans on student-exchange trips.  they've been able to parlay their better education and more time to devote to it (better grades more extra-curricular activities prestigious unpaid internships) into better paying jobs in the real world. now they want the government (i.e. middle class tax payers like me) to pay off their $250000 debt.   if i knew it was ever an option i would have done the exact same thing and enjoyed myself instead of nearly killing myself with stress.
1,to be fair most 18 year olds don't know or can truly comprehend what there getting into when they either take those loans or try to obtain a certain degree.
1,my first job i was 12 years old i de-tassled corn fields. when i turned 16 my parents made me get a job at mc donalds. i worked fast food for years until i went off to college.                    none of the money i made could possibly begin to pay off college. full time at minimum wage winds up being $16k/year my college bill was for $30k+ i worked two jobs in my college town (overabundance of labor lead to low hours job + internship) and went to school. i barely survived and owe lots of money in student loans.                         the issue is federally subsidized loan system. it props up high uni pricing and universities themselves use regulations to protect them versus small/new schools and ensuring that everyone at their school has to use their high price garbage like mindtap. if we make it easier for schools to be accredited and drop on-demand student loans we can almost certainly make tuition prices reasonable again.             though make no mistake about it it is a problem.
1,i turned down my top 2 choices to attend a local university i hated. thanks to commuting working part-time and scholarships i graduated debt free this past december. and trust me i dont come from money i come from a lower-middle class town and my dads a nurse and my moms a lunch aid. didnt get any special privileges. im not footing the bill for others irresponsible decisions.
1,ummm my wife worked 3 jobs in school all year round and still has plenty of student debt. that's seems like a pretty large over simplification.
1,i'd find this humorously ironic if it didn't piss me off so much.
1,what school did that fast food worker in this meme go to? i know it's trying to make a point but come on - no debt? and i would say most kids that didn't come from a wealthy family worked while attending college. i know i did 40+ hours a week and i still had debt.
1,a lot of these universities are like full time resorts these days. every student thinks they are entitled to move away for college for the college experience. i stayed at home went to community college and then a local 4 year.  i do not want to be stuck paying for someone elses college bill. did i want to go move and live on campus 4 hours away? hell yea i did but i knew my short term sacrifice would lead to long term prosperity. there is such a stigma for the college experience that you have people like lori loughlins daughter admitting shes going to school just for the parties and what not. dont even get me started how other folks decided to by pass college and now make less than a college graduate. yet college graduates now want assistant from these people all while making more than them. dont even get me started on how some parents saved for their kids college. the money these responsible parents spent on college for their kids could have been used for other things if they had known debt would just be forgiven. 50k for school being diverted into something else goes a long way. this could of been 50k for the parents retirement or sports camps to give their kids opportunities etc. i can admit the financial institutions financing these kids are out of line because they know student debt cant be discharged. only because it cant be discharged are they willing to give an 18 year old 100k. take that away and make the interest rate simply inflation and thats a fair deal.
1,my dad makes too much money for me to get any government aid. my parents cut me off at 18 because they believe you appreciate more what you earn yourself (which i whole heartedly agree with now that im older). i played a sport through college and wasnt allowed to have a job during season. worked 2 jobs the rest of the year and still came out in debt. the school i went to was $30000/year not including housing or books. theres no fucking way i could have paid that off no matter what kind of work situation i was in lol. i have no regrets. i have a good education and a good job because of it but ill be paying for it for a long time.
1,that's a hot opinion you got there. too bad its wrong. i worked part time through all of school transferred from a cc to a university did summer school to get out earlier and got a degree in cs. guess what i still have tons of debt. suck my privates.
1,you know this is an issue im not sure why so many people are outraged by. while i'm not just on board with paying off all student debt due to the realities of it i dont understand why some conservatives are determined to do nothing to make the college system better. right now it really does suck. college degrees almost feel like the new high school diploma. i got a job as a merch at budweiser stocking beer that required a college degree that i managed to bullshit my way past cause i had a friend there. but that was a $15 an hour labor job that could afford to skip over people without degrees. so why are we so determined to keep college so expensive? why do we want to set people up to fail dont we want to within reason set them up to succeed? i'd much rather make college more realistic so that people can better themselves than just dumping all this money into straight up welfare.
1,what part time job could pay for college?!?!
1,because they dont want to
1,i've been working since i was 15 in high school.  i haven't not worked since then and i'm 38 now!&#x200b;lazy bastards!
1,when speech is legally a form of violence then 1984 was literally a prophetic book.
1,interesting the kid cant have a beer buy a lotto ticket buy a gun join the military rent a car get a mortgage buy cigarettes get a tattoo.  buuuuuuuuuutttt the kid can irreversibly destroy her body because she is confused at a young age and had kids masquerading as adults telling her to do it for an agenda vs her long term well being.  just think about that and let it sink in for a second guys....buying a beer is more harmful to a child in canada than destroying a childs internal hormones.  fuck canadian courts and that judge.  when that kid commits suicide that judges should be tried for murder for allowing this to happen.
1,> as previously reported the bc supreme court ordered in february that 14-year-old maxine* receive testosterone injections without parental consent what... the... fuck.
1,honk honk
1,all these things conservatives said would happen if trudeau got voted in where's the proo.... oh
1,this trans gender bullshit is our generations lobotomy you are talking children during a time of incredible ignorance and literally giving them more chemicals than their bodies are designed to have which will cause sterility and most likely cancer in a vain attempt at fixing their dismorphia instead of actually finding out why they arent comfortable in their own body. if people roll over and start validating this tranny bs then what the fuck are we even conserving?
1,canada what are you doing please stop
1,up next:  parent imprisoned for not letting his 6 year old marry his imaginary friend
1,but please tell us more about how jordan peterson was being unreasonable in his opposition to bill c-16 stating that it would become a criminal offense to use the wrong pronouns.
1,damn that's horrible. jordan peterson even warned how legal enforcement of pronouns would be dangerous. and hormones really shouldn't be given to anyone under 18.
1,if someone was doing this abusive crap to my daughters no judges gag order would stop me from doing what had to be done.
1,when shes 30 years old shes going to look back and say "holy shit i was so fuckin' foolish my life is ruined over a bunch of stupid attention seeking behaviors."
1,oh my god this is so wrong.  what in the world are these people thinking.
1,i always laugh when a fellow american suggests the united states should adopt a policy or law because its what other countries do .  ive been hearing it my whole life how the us should do as other countries do. the above article is yet another example of how screwed up these countries are and the last thing i want to do is follow their lead.  just look at whats going on in europe with their mass migration and silly laws .  no thank you.  all this garbage starts in other countries and then they try to push it on america.
1,this is why the 2nd amendment exists. 100% tyranny telling you how you can speak.
1,these are the refugees we should be taking in.
1,his freedom of speech has totally not been affected at all just his ability to talk to who he wants about what he wants or to voice thoughts about certain topics./s
1,how dare the judge infer the child's gender!  maybe as a tranny it reverse identified back to a "she".
1,canada is fucked.
1,he should sue the government for child endangerment this is insanity.
1,canada courts are even worse than the us due to the lack of free speech laws.  if the courts start to oppress people people will take justice into their own hands. bad road to go down when the government starts interfering with peoples families.
1,my country is fucked.
1,i wonder if he could apply for asylum in the us.
1,lmao jordan peterson was so wrong about the canadian hate speech laws what an idiot oh wait
1,we live in a society
1,the government is sterlizing people again.
1,unless you're pandering to christians. so if barack or hillary were speaking to a congregation at a church they'd suddenly be as devout as the day is long. they'd slap on faith like hillary tries to manage a southern accent
1,the reason the far left is doing this is for social and political control. its that simple. and the moderate left knows its insane but they dont know what to do about it. the goal is to make essentially every group other than straight white men (and women to some degree) band together to fight as a single unit against their perceived oppressors. the problem for them is that this is functionally impossible and were seeing the whole thing disintegrate in real time. white people who buy into all this are being told to sit down and shut up for the foreseeable future and if they protest then thats just their fragile white privilege. strict followers of islam cannot work alongside women or gay people. i would argue that islam as an ideology is incompatible with western ideals where we value equality under the law personal sovereignty and meritocratic success. its falling apart and its driving many of them insane.
1,i'll probably get downvoted but whatever. i'm catholic - easter worshippers meant more to me than christians.  the terrorists attacked christians on our most sacred holiday.  the death and resurrection of jesus christ is the pinnacle of our faith and these fools attacked people during this most sacred holiday. to say "christians" were attacked - christians could be attacked (and are attacked) at any given moment.  but to attack on easter - that's just despicable.  i don't have stats (too lazy to look up) but i *think* there have been times in history when folks at war (perceived or real) would avoid attacking during impoortant festivals or religious holidays.  that's what really makes this even more disgusting.  it's a further reminder that islamic terrorists follow no rules of engagement.  there is no honor in what they're doing.  to attack on easter and then to specifically call it out - to me that makes it all the more real. i get it - one view is that libs are being so pc or whatever they don't want to say christians.  personally and probably due to my biases calling out easter worshippers meant more to me personally. apologies for my rambling.  i'll go back to lurking.
1,i think it's less political than that.  the associated press ran an article hours prior to the massacre using the term "easter worshippers".  actual members of the press probably run their social media accounts.
1,actually its to make people forget.&#x200b;it is not about the 'now'...&#x200b;its for the months and years after. when people google 'christian' massacres it will not be on any of the popular media. &#x200b;as if it never happened.&#x200b;some right wing sites will have it as such. and will be branded as 'propaganda'.&#x200b;amazing how quickly people forget.
1,it's the same language [fox news](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/d4x lo vm xs aaos pf.jpg:large) uses in places.  "easter worshipers" is not somehow derogatory to christians unless you are looking for an excuse to take offense.
1,both obama and hrc are doing what theyve  always done - sow division.(credit to u/r2d2itisyou)
1,ive been saying for years that democrats are the largest christian hate organization in the world. its just now starting to show. their entire goal is for white people christians and men to finally feel inferior so all they can mind control all minorities to stay in power forever.
1,> **why did obama & clinton both tweet easter worshippers?** simple they were talking about those who attended an easter mass.
1,atheist here - and as someone that has every reason to hate christianity but completely agrees with the op.
1,infuriating. i highlighted this to friends of mine the other day and they all just bury their heads rather than have a conversation about it. i feel i get judged a lot and it makes me question whether i am a bad person for being bothered by this hypocrisy. ugh.
1,also julian castro tweeted pretty much the same thing
1,they called them easter worshippers because people of various religions from all walks of life were attending the ceremony. their label doesn't matter they were all victims they were all worshippers they shared the same pain. they could've easily said "christians" but then they would've been discounting the lives of everyone else there who wasn't a christian see what i'm getting at?
1,i try and be pragmatic and not think that every statement tweet etc is not a grand scheme but this seems very deliberate. both secretary clinton and president obama have professed that they are christians. they should take this personally as i do.
1,we all know the "why". can't promote sympathy for that which you want to anhiliate. hillary and obama are both pure evil. same goals and equally as cold and calculated as the most narcissitic serial killer.
1,easter worshippers. they arent called christians anymore.
1,funny how the party that wants to jail people for not using a persons unique and often made up pronoun thinks it ok to just call a religion anything it feel like.
1,nice meme. both of these can be applied to all religions.
1,oo-ee-oo i look just like buddy holly oh-oh and you're mary tyler moore
1,not seeing how the sri lanka massacre is something good
1,because supporting christians is racist... 
1,[non-christians worship easter too.](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-04-15/the-origins-of-easter-from-pagan-roots-to-chocolate-eggs/8440134)seriously what's the big deal? is this another example of "persecution of christians?"
1,easter worshippers sounds like a cult of people who pray to a magic bunny.
1,islam is one of the biggest threats to western stability peace and culture.
1,we should call them stone worshippers or mecca worshippers not joking. it's not important where they are when praying: new york paris london or madrid. the important thing is that they always pray to mecca. why is that? because the kaabah is in mecca. and at the center of the kaaba (islam's most sacred place of worship) sits a big black stone. the big black stone is the holiest of the holy in islam.  so when every muslim in the world pilgrimages to mekka to see the black stone wouldn't it be logical to call them stone worshippers or mecca worshippers?  if it would take off we could dropkick a lot of people with the fact that islam is in reality a pagan religion. they worship a stone. or shards of a stone now...
1,as a person on the left i am not like that at all. most of the people around me are not either. just because clinton did something you dislike doesn't mean everyone on the left isike that.
1,theresa may was just as bad. "violence against churches an hotels". good lord
1,they dislike christians.
1,it's because that's how their marxist-loving voters think.
1,yall seen the rates of inbreeding in the middle east? the us gov found that inbreeding causes cognitive depression.
1,there's a social war in the us on christianity that's the only religion they are targeting.
1,for all those tourists who worship easter. or they just don't want to be quoted positively referring to christians in any way.
1,why does this matter?  they were mostly worshipers on easter.  seems to make sense to me.
1,because they were worshiping on easter.  like calling people who shop on black friday black friday shoppers.
1,i understand why they didn't want to bring up christian persecution. it's because a statement of compassion toward christian persecution would undoubtedly come with backlash from their supporters. it would be poor for their image. that's shameful disgusting and awful but i understand why they did it. what's strange to me is that it didn't occur to them that they would receive backlash for coming up with the bizarre term "easter worshipers". what's even weirder is that after hillary coined that term... barack obama went ahead and said it too. what the hell? how can they possibly not see the issue with this? the fact that they refused to acknowledge christian persecution is shameful but the use of the term "easter woshipers" is just bizarre. i guess... maybe they knew that it would come with backlash but they figured it's ok because the backlash would mostly come from the christian community.
1,the same applies to the democratic and republican parties. because the republicans routinely clean house to get rid of racists and bigots and the democrats never do it means the dems are perfect little angles and the republicans are all hitler
1,these dems claim christianity like a badge to get elected to office. it's all for show. they arent really religious at all. lying liars is all they are. next they're going to try and say  "christians and muslims all worship the same god so they're equal"... hah! ...like the christian god would require prayer multiple times a day or encourage starving ourselves. sounds like no god i'd follow.
1,unless it's the useful kind of christianity and the kind that allows your favorite sin.&#x200b;and even then you should berate them for not doing enough for the cause.
1,i disagree slightly. the left views christians as the embodiment of pure evil. therefore theyre never the victims but always the perpetrators. thats why they wont acknowledge the absolute heinous atrocity at sri lanka.
1,*handsome her a vegan establishment*they really used as many roadblocks as possible.
1,what if you were clearly a man but just identified as a woman when you were in the restaurant? they surely couldnt dispute my gender identity could they?
1,so it turns out to be a bad idea to alienate half your customer base.  who knew?
1,owners clearly didnt take economics or stats.
1,imagine what kind of loser accepts entering in a establishment like that
1,what is going on with the world? why does nobody call this out? it would storm shit like a hurricane if it was the other way around
1,womp womp
1,why would the restaurant impose an identity on one of their patrons and then penalize them for it?  it seems counter intuitive to their own cause.
1,i love how its masculinities fault for this idea not working
1,"i don't get it we should have twice as many customers. i blame white racist men."
1,this is what you get for alienating half of your market.
1,"we hate"&#x200b;odd that such an establishment would not survive; of course there may have been other parts of its business model that contributed to its demise beyond the obvious.
1,i've been thinking about this since it has come across my feed through various avenues.  you would think that a vegan run feminist focused cafe would have drawn in more women as patrons but that isn't what happened now is it.     tells you something right there
1,shouldn't they charge themselves at least half that tax for deliberately *looking* like a dude?
1,get woke go broke.
1,lol. thats a bathetic business model. even a left leaning gormless person would not appreciate this.
1,its incredible to me that these people think that you can establish a successful business this way. you might as well start a church for your own wacky beliefs. it might even be more profitable.
1,> in protest of the wage gap between men and women. in protest of the non-existent 'unfair' gap. wow. justified that it ended up bankrupt.
1,what a shocker. i will bet money that they will blame the patriarchy and that they will sue people for sexism and discrimination. they lose and get counter sued and have to pay for discrimination on sex. any takers?
1,thank you free market for shutting this business down.
1,discrimination is anti-capitalist
1,it seems theres no way to win or satisfy these people. outrage over the man tax shows how fragile masculinity is yet these are also the people who explode over false wage gap claims which using their logic shows how fragile femininity is?? im surprised theres still idiots these days that dont know the difference between wages and earnings..
1,weird how some women customers may want to bring their male friends family partners whomever to eat there and not pay extra.
1,okay how many times are we gonna post this fucking story. ive seen it 3 times already
1,it's an attempt to balance the pink tax.http://pink.tax/pink-tax-faq
1,i love capitalism!
1,this is what it feels like the politicians are doing with this story.
1,'now here's someone from cair to talk about all the backlash muslims are receiving!"
1,president obama called the situation "sub-optimal."
1,all these candidates keep trying to out bernie bernie and bernie just keeps moving further left. at least bernie believes this stuff the rest of these spineless candidates are just too afraid of their own base to call him out. i think bernie could announce that hes chosen nicolas maduro as his running mate and all his fellow democrats would just stand around going great choice bernie. all they have to do to beat trump is to nominate somebody reasonably moderate but they seem intent on screwing that up. its like watching a horrific train wreck in slow motion.
1,nope. too late moron. you agreed with bernie live on national television. the video isn't going away.
1,we havent executed the boston bomber yet? that piece of shit should have been rotting in hell  years ago!
1,she's basically another run-of-the-mill democrat politician. another hillary. say what it takes to get votes but be unpredictable about what the fuck your platform is because we have no idea when you're actually telling the truth.
1,spineless flip-flopper. i don't think she really believes anything. even trump was more consistent.
1,you cant beat somebody with nobody. - jack abramoff no doubt im indulging in unfounded speculation but if michelle obama decided to run dems independents and rinos would vote for her. shes probably the only person at this juncture who stands a shot at beating trump.
1,she doesn't know what to do when it's not a job you can suck a dick to get.
1,to win the primary nomination they have to all sound like leftist socialists matching bernie's level of insanity.  to win the presidency they will have to reverse \~40% of their "platform" and seek the middle.  the soundbites from 2019 will be gold.
1,*"tell me what you want me to say!  tell me who you want me to beeeeeeeee!"*
1,she probably didn't even have to. she wasn't getting called out for it near as much as bernie was. i think most news media would be okay with her being president so they're going to cover for her.  they still are a bit sour on bernie so i think theyll do like they did along with the dnc in 2016 to go after bernie.
1,greasy spineless hacks.
1,imagine my surprise! a politician back tracked after vox populi does nt align with her. this proves she cant think for herself properly
1,incomprehensible how there's people out there defending criminals ''right'' to equal treatment and opportunity. should've thought twice prior to committing a crime.
1,this woman will legitimately say anything to get elected. its hard to play to a base thats all over the board and has a borderline unintelligent base
1,i'm not sure if this is entirely fair.  harris said that "we should have the conversation" which as stupid as that is to say is not the same thing as what bernie said about the issue.
1,just yesterday she told cnn's don lemon after asking her if she was for prisoners voting "i think it's a discussion we need to have". **that** statement is this lying manipulative power pimp's patent response to yes or no questions. and the media let her fucking *skate*. kamala chooses her words not carefully but just like hillary; there's always an out. by definition the word:**deprived** means you lack something to **lack** means you don't have enough to not have **enough** means you don't have as much but you do have some**translation**: kamala harris is for prisoners having *some* voting rights and this likely means the "some" will be the next presidential election.
1,to be fair the boston bomber should be deprived of all rights until execution.
1,jump and dance and shake your pants! let's watch these asshats contort themselves in their attempts to please every potential voter in the lead up to the nomination. which i predict will go to biden - the safe choice.
1,this is a rather interesting development in the 2020 campaign race as up to this point most the candidates have been racing to the left. no progressive idea was too crazy they've all been promising the sun moon and stars trying to stay in the news cycle. bernie's "leaning in" on this topic but i'm guessing the rest of the field reckons they've hit a wall in terms of voter acceptance for ideas they're bandying about. i'll be curious to see if we see some motion back to the center-left. pete buttigieg was the first candidate to kibosh the felon voting rights idea and he's got plenty of momentum. i wonder if we'll see others try to mirror his stances wholesale to see if that gives them a boost with millennials and some separation from the pack.
1,not the first time that kneemala hoerris tries to "outbern the bern". remember when she suddently proposed to get rid of the health insurance private sector altogether.
1,until voting is actually granted as a right in the constitution in the united states we will be having this conversation for some time
1,at least make dual citizenship in congress illegal.  way too much conflict of interest when our politicians in power have loyalty to other countries.
1,just because she is a piece of shit doesnt mean we should punish other americans.
1,there is a difference between dual citizenship and naturalized citizenship. i am a naturalized citizen who does not hold a second (dual) citizenship with my birth country. i am ok with requiring people with dual citizenships to renounce the second one if they want to hold political office in united states. however in my opinion being a naturalized citizen should not be a mark against you in itself no matter what country you came here from. also according to israeli policy anyone who claims jewish faith can claim citizenship in israel. that doesn't mean anyone who is jewish has dual citizenship - you still have to actively apply for it.
1,as others have pointed out here i dont think the problem is naturalized citizens but instead dual citizenship. naturalized citizens shouldnt be barred from running for congress because that wouldnt be fair. they have the right as us citizens to represent the people just as much as a natural-born citizen (however they have to be a us citizen to run for office obviously). however if they have dual citizenship in another country then they shouldnt be allowed to run for office as their allegiance may lie elsewhere.
1,this seems a tad reactionary. it's a perfectly reasonable thought experiment though. not out of bounds considering the whole of the left is questioning whether we should get rid of the electoral college. i still say no. i have no problem with refugees in general or foreign born naturalized citizens running for office. ilhan omar just happens to suck.
1,>simply stated the very notion of american citizenship is under attack.  fighting to reinvigorate it by making the requirement of natural born citizenship apply equally for all federally elected positions is neither reactionary nor intolerant.  it would be an important step to protect the republic and it is a conversation we must have.  i agree.
1,don't think this is a road worth going down. even if this was successful there are plenty of people that are natural born citizens who dislike/hate america and preach it's downfall. much rather be looking at abolishing birth citizenship(must have at least one parent a citizen).
1,i know a lot of people born in america who would love to see it destroyed. also i know of plenty foreigners who are so proud of becoming americans their patriotism inspires me in a way nothing else could. our birth place in no way defines who we are. in fact i dare say those who struggled and sacrificed everything to become an american are likely better choices than those who were simply given it for nothing
1,as far as i know she hasn't disputed the immigration fraud accusations either.
1,there are numerous problems with this woman being in office. none of them require rules changes to fix. rules changes usually end up being bad in the long term. she needs to be removed from her position either through the ballot box or impeached for crimes committed. this woman is an embarrassment to the entire system and needs to be gone but a rules change isn't needed.
1,i don't agree with this. natural born citizenship requirements aren't what the us was built on and shouldn't be a door we close to people from other countries. there are mechanisms in place that allow someone to become a citizen and then to live their lives to their fullest. ilhan omar should be treated in the way she deserves to be treated based on how she acts votes and currently thinks about the amazing place she lives in. it seems that people that are never grateful for the wonderful freedoms that the us provides never really understood the struggle to become a citizen in the first place and probably will never be grateful for anything else in life either. if you look deeply at the way she thinks and talks it's evident she feels conflicted about living here affording all the nice things holding office and then having to struggle with her own self-identity.  maybe its the fame maybe is the power maybe its the religion; who knows? likely its a combination of all of it.
1,if only it were that simple. the sad truth is there are many natural born americans who hate america with the same passion as the taliban or isis.
1,natural born no; dual citizenship is worth a discussion. however regardless of the citizenship i hold it's certainly possible that my allegiance could lie somewhere besides this imperialistic racist misogynist sexist <insert epithet here>its constitutional republic of ours. thus it would be great if the voting populace would pay attention to public words and public deeds words as carefully as many pay attention to alleged words and deeds that occur in private.
1,absolutely not. i want as many people as possible (not prisoners because i'm not a moron) to feel like they gave a say in how the country works. if you're a citizen you should be able to run and personally i think the native born requirement for president should be removed (it's like the 3000th most important thing that should change!).
1,no that way dan crenshaw can run for president 2024
1,yea any federal government position should be limited to people born here who are more likely to have the nation's interests above others
1,i think naturalized should be able to go up to the state level but not federal.
1,absolutely not. but again ilhan omar isn't exactly a typical immigrant.  she's the "america owes me" type.  i refuse to believe most legal immigrants have this mindset.
1,> by raising an accusation of dual loyalty dual loyalty? thats a joke shes has absolutely no loyalty towards this country. shes an enemy of the american people.
1,you are aware of how many anti american people are born in america? how about we just dont let in anti american people who are looking to mooch of americas tit in the first place?
1,if this is the worry with naturalized or dual citizenship shouldn't the bigger issue be addressed first where foreign governments are donating to presidential candidates through lobbying loopholes?
1,in my opinion you are disqualified from leadership positions or elected office if you hold dual citizenships.  it's a bad look.
1,that should be one of the basic requirements.
1,alexander hamilton was born in nevis.
1,it's for show mexico's government is making a show of bowing to white house pressure guaranteed 95% of those migrants will be walking north by the end of the week but scattered out so it isn't obvious anymore
1,this is just to show a gesture of trying. they don't have the infrastructure to hold vast amounts of illegals in their country.
1,lets see how long this happens. i have a sneaking suspicion this wont be a long term solution
1,this wouldn't be an issue for them if they had stopped them at the other borders initially. but they didn't and now they have multiplied their management problems.
1,surprise - surprise! so it's not just the u. s. getting fed up with the caravans of "asylum" seekers.
1,welp looks like bernie red pilled cher.(not really but this is still funny to watch lol.)
1,wow-cher has some standards. when she starts looking sane when compared to the democratic presidential candidates it's a sure sign that they are in deep trouble.
1,never thought i'd end up on the same side as cher but bernie found a way to make it happen.
1,goddamn the overton window is being pushed so far to the left were gonna rebound conservative for decades. cant wait for 20+ years of republican leadership.
1,did she just call all prisoners mexicans?  that's racist.
1,i hope more of your people with louder voices start to understand the motives.
1,wish i could see any of this for myself. she blocked me when i said her twitter feed looked like someone was having a stroke.
1,she may hate the gop but she sounds very conservative on a few issues. welcome aboard cher!
1,>the florida senate passed a school-security bill with a provision allowing teachers to be armed despite strong opposition from teacher groups and students.  >  >the measure is aimed at implementing recommendations by a state commission created in the wake of the [shooting at marjory stoneman douglas high school](https://www.wsj.com/articles/shooting-at-florida-high-school-authorities-report-1518638881?mod=article_inline) in parkland fla. last year that left 17 people dead. it builds on a law passed last year that included [new gun restrictions](https://www.wsj.com/articles/florida-gov-scott-signs-gun-control-school-safety-bill-1520627652?mod=article_inline) including raising the minimum age to buy a firearm and a guardian program that permitted the arming of certain school personnel but not teachers.  >  >the potential arming of teachers dominated debate over the bill which passed on a 22-17 vote tuesday with one republican joining democrats in opposing it. a companion measure in the republican-led florida house is awaiting a vote.  >  >seconds matter when stopping an active shooter said republican senate president bill galvano after the bill passed. this legislation will ensure willing school personnel including classroom teachers have the training and resources they need to stand as the last line of defense between an innocent child and a violent criminal assailant.  >  >the bill doesnt require school districts to arm teachers but instead authorizes local school boards to decide whether to permit the expansion of the guardian program. any district employees who volunteer to participate would need to undergo training and background checks.  >  >what this bill does is provide the 67 school districts the 67 different communities in this state with the ability to do what they need to do to protect our kids said republican sen. manny diaz jr. chair of the senate education committee who helped steer the legislation.  >  >at least eight states including kansas and texas already allow some teachers or school employees to have guns or other weapons according to the education commission of the states which tracks legislation.  >  >opponents argued the bill could imperil students by adding more firearms on campuses and leading to dangerous mishaps. earlier this month hundreds of students traveled to the state capitol to urge lawmakers to eliminate the proposal. groups including the state teachers union and the league of women voters of florida opposed it.  >  >today the senate turned a blind eye to countless constituents who have begged them not to arm teachers said gay valimont volunteer leader with the florida chapter of moms demand action for gun sense in america after the bill passed.  >  >some aspects of the legislation drew bipartisan backing. it would increase mental-health services for students require that schools complete a standardized risk assessment and speed up implementation of improvements to the physical security of campuses.  >  >in january the state commission that was formed to investigate the massacre issued a report with a list of recommendations including that the guardian program be expanded to include teachers.  >  >on the senate floor tuesday democratic sen. lauren book who has worked closely with parkland students wrestled with her decision. despite there being so much good in this bill she said she must at the urging of my community vote no today.
1,great! totally in agreement with such policies. go florida!!!
1,what interesting about this bill is that the media seems dead set on portraying republicans as the ones doing nothing about mass shootings. they dont even cover the fact that fix nics was passed - literally just completely ignored it. now we have a bill constructed over the course of a year and well thought out that will help address school shootings. theres not going to be a politico piece titled republicans new program in florida. its going to be all shitting on the letting teachers carry and talk about how only national government common sense gun reform is the only way forward. it gets frustrating. the press is so biased it blows my mind when my more liberal friends cant tell.
1,all it will take is one accident for us to remember why we dont intentionally have guns in the classroom. i believe in a person's right to bear arms but i also believe that guns have no place in places of learning (secular or religious). i disagree with this policy. i think there are smarter ways to handle school shootings that arming your teaching staff. there has to be some sensible ground between repealing the 2nd amendment and arming teachers.
1,explain something to me. i'm mostly liberal about politics but i'm not the type to be closed minded about everything and i'll side with a logical argument so please don't hate on me for that. just want to point this out so you guys can understand my train of thought. i see people here praising this idea but it feels scary to me. how would a teacher with no formal combat training be able to deal with an active shooter situation? how will they be able to come to the conclusion that x or y persons are a threat and be able to use deadly force on a minor? it seems like this could snowball into something horrible. collateral damage mental anguish etc. could someone help me understand how this would benefit our country? the only reason i could come up with is it would probably act as a way to stop an active shooter situation from starting by means of fear but looking at the type of children who commit these acts they usually go in this with the idea that they won't leave alive. any thoughts on this matter would be greatly appreciated. thanks!
1,this is fantastic news!  i homeschool my kids now but they went to public school through 5th.  there wasnt a day that went by that i didnt wish we had better security.  these are the kind of changes we need!
1,i think this is a terrible idea. police with years of training make mistakes in high tension situations involving active shooters. assuming that after a few hours of training a teacher would be able to responsibly secure and protect a classroom is ridiculous. i know there will be training but i highly doubt it would be as thorough as what officers receive. i see no reason why expanding the current safety officer program would not be a more logical solution to this problem. if the intent is to deter the attacks from happening in the first place i believe that this would be more effective.
1,i dont understand why not just hire more security? theyre trained!
1,arm bus drivers too. we see more guns at work than teachers
1,the fact that people on the right view yang as a moderate shows just how insane the democrat party has become. andrew yang is a left wing progressive. he is not a moderate or a centrist in any sense. he is staunchly left wing with left wing ideas. but he presents these left wing ideas in a respectable intelligent way. his ideas are wrong but hes still respectable and is deserving of being in the conversation. but my point is that the democrats have gone so far off the deep end with their socialist idiocy  with their lack of ideas and with their general *everyone should get everything for free and if you oppose that youre a racist!* mentality  that even a staunch progressive like yang seems outright conservative by comparison to these nutcases.
1,a lot of liberals hate yang because he refuses to buy into their race/class war rhetoric. his policies also stand in contrast compared to candidates like bernie or warren. he is against free college and full student loan debt forgiveness. he wants to instead help those with student debt through a 10 year pay back program. he also proposes to make a push for important trade skill careers such as plumbing and appliance repairs that young people have been moving away from to pursue arts degrees. in terms of healthcare he wants to offer a public option to compete against private insurance rather than abolish private insurance. he also doesn't want to get rid of the electoral college. his policies are much more realistic and achievable because he's not a politician. he doesn't give lip service to make people feel good about morals. he simply offers non-stop practical solutions to credible threats. anyone with two eyes can see the retail stores closing fast food workers being replaced taxi and truck driver jobs becoming irrelevant and call centers starting to use ai more and more. his idea isn't to fear these threats but to embrace the changes. we are living in the fourth industrial revolution whether you can see it or not. our definition of work needs to change because over 50% of current jobs will no longer exist or will be changed completely within the next 10 years.* https://vitalvegas.com/mgm-resorts-to-replace-bartenders-with-machines-no-really/* https://www.engadget.com/2019/04/22/tesla-elon-musk-self-driving-robo-taxi/* https://www.ttnews.com/articles/embark-self-driving-truck-completes-coast-coast-test-run* https://www.livescience.com/61994-flippy-burger-flipping-robot-flops.html if you would like to know more check out one of his talks on this subject:* sxsw talk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=al rg sj wt2ri* joe rogan: https://youtu.be/c ts ezm fam z8* ben shapiro: https://youtu.be/-dhu rtvz mfw* lawrence lessig: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kji hwx6bpkg
1,what are his constitutional views? edit: read his campaign goals before you decide to vote for him.
1,in the end he is still a member of the party that is against our idea's. he will most likely side with whatever the democratic party wants.
1,>technocrat not a politician no he's pretty clearly a politician. he lies manipulates data and promises politically unachievable goals. this video by 'don't walk run' does a pretty good job of pulling back the rosey picture painted by the ya ng ga ng.https://youtu.be/vt bt2osl2mw plus if you need any clearer proof that he is just like the rest of the democratic candidates just read his website. he wants abortions up until delivery massive curtailment of 2nd amendment rights citizenship for illigal immigrants and term limits for supreme court justices.https://www.yang2020.com/policies/don't let yourself be lied to this man is a clear cut far-left politician. he just happens to hide it better than most.
1,best candidate they have. i dont hate him and hope he does well in the primary.
1,seems like he has some clever and unusual ideas i hope he does well.
1,dude is a gun grabber. no ty
1,even though i don't agree with much of the policies he proposes i'm glad to see he is the one democratic candidate who is willing to talk to the other side of the aisle.
1,honestly his plans for gun policies make a lot of sense with the exception of the "high capacity magazines" part and the banning of suppressors. i don't like the fingerprint part either but everything else kinda makes sense.
1,op is clearly someone working on the yang campaign or a superfan.  that's the only thing he posts about since creating his account 6 months ago.
1,welcome to the free market
1,if a man opened a business and charged extra taxes on customers who happened to be women they'd be shut down by the government immediately. you know what they sayif it wasn't for double standards the left would have none at all.
1,how do you expect to garner business if you openly discriminate against anyone. no one no matter how "woke" they proclaim to be is willingly going to let themselves be charged extra for being born as they are.
1,how does this "woke" stuff work exactly?   least woke = i discriminate against a group of people.  more woke = i don't discriminate against any groups of people.  most woke = i discriminate against a *different* group of people.
1,chalkboard states a 21% premium for men. feminism inflation.
1,i thought that it fulfilled just two leftist tropes before seeing this:rule #1: women have priority seating. rule #2: men will be charged an 18% premium to reflect the gender pay gap (2016) which is donated to a women's service.*rule #3 respect goes both ways.*feminist vegans with double standards. absolutely hilarious. i wonder what the significance of the number 18 really is here. perhaps the combined iq of the restaurant's owners?
1,they already have ladies night at clubs and bars damn. it is never enough for them.
1,are they asking each customer their gender? surely you can't assume someone's gender based on their appearance and biology right?
1,free market solution to discriminatory businesses practices. gotta love it
1,once again capitalism wins over shitty ideas
1, the man tax blew up the internet an idea that we didnt think was all too radical yet the way the world responded showed us how fragile masculinity is and solidified the necessity for us to confront and dismantle patriarchy. what.
1,capitalism is the least discriminatory economic system in the world. case and point
1,can't tell if the redheaded person in the article is man or a woman.
1,i love watching liberals freak out over something that doesn't exist.
1,i own a business i am oppressed
1,someone should have mansplained free market to them.
1,>the world responded showed us how fragile masculinity is. no you were mean and nasty to half the population and based a tax on a fallacy usually when you fail you can hope to learn something they didnt learn a fucking thing.
1,i'd like to know what kind of jerk offs spent over $5k at this place?
1,go woke go broke.
1,capitalism doing its job. shitty business models don't last as they shouldn't.
1,the wage gap isnt even real
1,get woke go broke strikes again
1,they really think they failed due to fragile masculinity?  how about selling a product most people don't want in the first place plus being overcharged because you are a man?
1,is there any better way to lose 50% of your customers?
1,well when you alienate 50% of the people that could possibly come to your cafe...
1,so...what about the other 57 genders - do they get a discount?
1,if i remember correctly didnt they give men a choice if they wanted to pay the extra tax?
1,i bet it was shitty coffee and smelled like b.o.
1,i wish i could devote an entire year's upvotes to this post.
1,well they should stop their toxic femininity. women and men are equal now we don't need this madness anymore.
1,lol it was bad business practice to begin with. capitalism does not discriminate.
1,well it would happen eventually these woke businesses will never be able to survive and that makes me so damn happy.
1,good riddance. this is the free market at work. i support the right of businesses to discriminate but as others have said if it went the other way they'd be shut down in no time. we already live in a society with explicit legal discrimination against men whites and asians in favour of various "victim" groups. the left cares about end results the right cares about principles.
1,how self-unaware do you have to be to simultaneously think there is a wage gap between men and woman in favor of men but also to drive away the customers with the supposedly increased amount of disposable income.
1,there's no better way to take a stand against structural inequality and oppression than using structural inequality and oppression as your business model.
1,sometimes i wonder if articles like these are written to get conservatives all riled up which generates clicks and add views. it feels like we're being played by big media to stir up emotions and outrage so we can link this article to other like-minded individuals.
1,im not really conservative and found this in r/all but i totally agree with yall on this one.
1,\> charges men extra\> goes out of bussiness\> blames men
1,female priority service and male surcharges the place was even called handsome her some people just cannot divorce themselves from gender politics. it's their entire identity. they could've just had a set percentage of *all* sales donated to the charity but no it has to serve as some kind toll as punishment.
1,you just gotta laugh at these idiot fems.  dumber than a box of rocks.
1,coulda seen that one coming haha
1,you cant run a business based on something that doesnt exist. there is no pay gap. having a business strategy on a lie you refuse to see as such is no strategy.  #equality
1,they did the "man tax" to get attention to push their agenda. they did it to piss people off. and so it did. they're only closing now so they had like 3 years in business. that's something. but to blame closing on the very people you intended to piss off? give me a break. (also that person in the photo looks rather like a young dave foley with red hair. )
1,out of business by openly attacking half of the population? i love the free market.
1,wow. regardless on ones thoughts on these issues acts like these will only hurt their causes. no one but 14 year olds on twitter are claiming the 'wage up' is straight up increasing the prices when a women tries to check out. by framing it in such a manner it only makes them seem childish even to their own base. plus by actively discriminating it frames them as the sexists.&#x200b;>handsome her was taken aback to find that many people in the lgbtiqa+ community have as much aversion to us using the word lesbian as the mens-rights activists. when even the lgbtq community is even mad at a 'pro-women protest' you know you have gone too far left.&#x200b;>rule #1: women have priory seating  >  >...  >  >rule #3: respect goes both ways haahahahahahahahahahaa
1,>in its struggle against the patriarchy handsome her was surprised to learn that it wasnt only mens rights activists targeting the business but also those within its own community. handsome her was taken aback to find that many people in the lgbtiqa+ community have as much aversion to us using the word lesbian as the mens-rights activists. this is what happens when you have people with not one lick of basic economics running a business.  tbh i don't give a shit about their opinions but i sure won't be paying 18% more b/c they chose to single me out.  there are probably plenty of coffee shops around the area that would serve me w/o the bullshit. they also pigeon-holed themselves but not serving take away cups.  not only would a man need to pay 18% extra but also would need to waste time sitting and drinking the coffee when they can grab it to go.
1,the market has spoken and it said a gender tax is fucking stupid.
1,bad marketing. just sell everything at the higher price and give an 18% discount to women. everyone would love that.
1,just more proof that feminism is not about equality but about female supremacy. get it through your skulls folks and stop trying to defend that cult!
1,this is by far one of the most outrageous things ive ever read. i cant believe they were even allowed to do that in the first place.
1,i can see paying once then not going to the place again. a place like that would have to push for first time customers at all times because what moron would pay more for the same food continually ??
1,and i bet theyll blame it on the free market and use it to push a socialist agenda. also how do they determine whos a guy and whos a girl? do they ask everyone or do they _assume their gender?_
1,you know its bad when you read a serious article and think its something out of the onion.
1,i might be wrong but isn't charging more for males discrimination?
1,and of course its all mens fault. lol!! what you women can overcome it with your empowerment and inflated egos??
1,a company that openly discriminates went out of business? color me shocked.
1,funny how the person in the picture is dressed and has hair just like a man would.  people can dress how ever the hell they want but dont hate on men and try and look like one.
1,whoops the market isnt sexist
1,"dismantling patriarchy" seems to have come at odds with all their operational costs
1,honk honk 
1,while trying to emulate and identify as men. makes sense. girl power!
1,this doesn't even make monetary sense. if women make 25% less i.e. $0.75 per dollar it doesn't make sense to charge men 25% more because $0.75 plus 25% does not equal $1 you would have to increase the fees to 33% to compensate for a 25% deficit. instead it would be a better policy to give an 18% discount to women or charge men \~22% more to compensate for an 18% deficit.
1,>"men are charged a 21% premium"solution: identify as a woman.
1,woohoo! but really. being feminist should be advocating females having the \*exact\* same rights as men it sounds like this cafe wasn't feminist but rather anti-male. in fact it was probably doing more harm to females as it's attempting to create a divide between men and women. in which case nobody wins.
1,so a place that serves food was more concerned with politics and gender theory than food and went out of business. this isn't really shocking but i bet they missed the point and blamed men for it.
1,some rich liberal is going to buy their cafe if you guys keep advertising this
1,get woke go broke!!!! 
1,perhaps you just have shitty food and drink?
1,wonder if ben shapiro will mention this on his podcast anyways it's good to see that the easiest way to destroy your business is by getting woke.
1,clearly wasn't for the woke broke bloke....
1,"fragile masculinity" listen you silly bitch you alienated half your clientele
1,its the blue tax
1,how exaclty is this not gender discrimination and a lawsuit waiting to happen?
1,hmm.. it's almost as if alienating off half your potential market is a bad business plan.
1,money does not give a shit about your gender perspective race or anything really.  either you want the money or you don't.
1,fuuuuuuuuck you. golly a lot of white people think they're supreme over blacks. gosh they should open a restaurant where blacks aren't welcome but they can shit in the gutter if they need to use the restroom. fuckin' idiots. rabid victims they are they will never connect the dots to their failure.
1,i don't understand how they didn't get sued for discrimination. isn't it illegal to do this?
1,this has got to break some sort of law.
1,surely such enlightened people wouldnt dare assume my gender and apply the tax based on assumptions would they?
1,damn that liberal arts degree really worked well
1,women have priority seating why would any man want to go there if theres a chance youd have to get up and leave at any point delusional
1,"18% fee? did you just assume my gender?! i'll have you know that i am a proud transspecies xx biassed self identified black protodragonkin you fucking shitlord". and enjoys your soy based hormone addles mantitty growing moccalattechino for only $1499.
1,i consider myself a feminist but i would never support a cafe like that. it's totally sexist and unfair. it's extremists like this that give feminism a bad name and makes everyone hate the f word.
1,imagine being so fucking stupid that you open a cafe and discriminate against a person and charge them because of something they can't control like their fucking gender. then imagine being *even more stupid* by going and posting on your fucking facebook that you're closing down and oh yeah those people you discriminated against? its their fault... *sobs in leftwing*
1,it says 21% on tha board
1,but the thing is if i seen that i'd probably just walk out and find a new coffee shop. i get that it's going to charity but you're forcibly making a male to make a donation. what ever happened to a tip jar or charity box.
1,\> house rules rule #1: women have priority seating. rule #2: men will be  charged an 18% premium to reflect the gender pay gap (2016) which is  donated to a womens service. rule #3 respect goes both ways a  chalkboard in the cafe read.&#x200b;oh the irony. yes respect goes both ways. pretend to fight for equality for all being a feminist yet has obvious prejudices towards men and as a result go out of business.  way to alienate your customers and business. gg?
1,make a political statement // make a profit-- pick 1 --
1,hating men is not feminist.
1,lol id walk in and tell them im female even tho i look like a white male. a re yo u a ss um in g m y g en de r then tell them their coffee sucks.
1,this is why they need socialism.
1,the "tax" was used as a means to raise money for charity
1,if i lived in the same town as this cafe i would have went in and ordered something just so when they hit me with their man tax i could yell "excuse me did you just assume my gender!?"and then i storm out without paying lol.
1,i like how they claim they've made $1100 for charity.  so. for 2 years. men only spent $5500 there.  hmm. i wonder why you went under
1,i have a great idea to destroy the sexists. we will be sexist! its perfect!
1,there were no guys to pay for dinner lol
1,well the transexual coffee shop across the street only charges a 13% "man tax" so there's that. once again capitalism prevails.
1,they continuously call the "patriarchy" fragile.  if all it takes is a coffee shop charging extra to men to wound the "patriarchy" then how has is it still in place?  shouldn't it all be crumbling down?
1,i feel like the "man tax" comes from making men spend more because in certain jobs they apparently get paid more than woman in the same position. it's rediculous to assume that this is the case everywhere. all the women at my job get paid more than the men which is interesting..
1,what surprises me is that they raised $1100 from charging men a 21% premium. i thought men would avoid that place like the plague. but then again it was a vegan cafe. so maybe there were vegan men desperate for vegan food and there was no other option nearby? but still vegans are already a small subset of people. by alienating vegan men no wonder they went bust.
1,lmao get fucked that's what they deserve for trying to virtue signal with their sjw bs
1,i actually know this cafe and don't know why no one's mentioning how it's voluntary? like you don't have to pay extra if you don't want to even though i says on the blackboard no one asks there's just a tip jar.
1,why is this on r/conservative ? im super liberal and even i think this is nuts
1,avoid r/political humor and r/politics like the plague.
1,i wonder if obama and his ilk think people are too dumb to know that 'easter worshippers' are by default 'christian?'
1,ok obama say it: ramadan worshipers. say it. let's see what happens.
1,kinda sucks that this top-quality meme/joke which is much more humorous than a lot of the tweets over at r/political humor probably wont be accepted or liked at all because of political bias. sheesh. how can they beg the world to be nonpartisan when they cant even take jokes from the other side of the aisle?
1,as long as the memes arent boomer-style. so cringe.
1,stressing this again: that originated with the associated press.  someone in the press runs their social media.
1,he went to harvard and the best he could come up with is easter worshipper?/s but kidding asides i believe this was orchestrated to trigger the repubs
1,i find this weird as obama is protestant christian!
1,these are rookie numbers. youve gotta boost these numbers up! come post on r/the_donald
1,meme like this are valuable because it takes no level of real understanding of politics or knowledge of current affairs for you to know whats going on and for it to make sense. if you care enough you can learn more. if not youre still left with the idea that barry soweto is not on the up and up. can be digested by the apolitical masses. keep it up.
1,again we show sympathy not only to those who were harmed and died but to the political target of the action. they should have said "christians and easter worshippers^tm" instead they explicitly exluded christians the christian community was the target but not only christians died therefore i can reasonably state that my phrase is the more appropriate phrase.
1,that is actually really good lol laughed for like 5 minutes straight. even r/politics is basically a liberal subreddit
1,reposted on r/politicacl humor. let's watch the downvotes roll in. [https://www.reddit.com/r/political humor/comments/bguw9r/new\_format/](https://www.reddit.com/r/political humor/comments/bguw9r/new_format/)
1,when you hate a voting demographic so much that you cant even say their name. were like voldemort. oh and voldemort is gay btw. confirmed by j. k. rowling
1,who cares what it's called? you're getting far too hung up a name. i knew that easter coincided with passover since i was a young boy but why does its name matter? btw where would muslim extremists go to kill mass numbers of pagans? they were targeting christians attending easter mass. it's clear as day.
1,islam is officially known as pedophile worshippers
1,"muslims""mentally ill madman that 100% had nothing to do with isis or islam"
1,reddit is over run with the regressive left . its time to take back our country boys
1,so i was raised a christian as were most of my friends and naturally my family. but we don't regularly attend church and are mostly apathetic towards religion. calling the folks who were murdered on easter sunday 'easter worshippers' separates those who practice more regularly from those who dont go at all or only go at xmas. it's the media and the left's way of presenting them as radicals.
1,the left wing indoctrination in the public school system is unacceptable. i would hope to see this administration make progress fixing it but it runs very deep.
1,why are we covering a recent election in ap us history.... thats more like civics
1,not surprising. our ap us history textbook in 2009-10 was straight up howard zinns peoples history if the us
1,the left always calls him a racist.  am i missing something?  i don't see that at all.  they must think repetition will make it stick.
1,any ap history teacher worth his/her tenure is going to use this text as an example of media bias the creep of political opinion into what should be strictly fact based material and as a jumping off point for presenting two sides of the issues.
1,trump won't be on the apush exam for a lonnggg time maybe 20-30 years from now. it seems completely unnecessary to even include him in the book right now. when i took the test the most recent material was from the 1990s.
1,yeah you cant just walk up to a country and get in for free no questions asked. i think a lot of people calling for letting them in dont understand the implications of suddenly letting hundreds of thousands of migrants into a country. it would be disastrous. just google what happens if america suddenly decides to let everyone in. its sad that people migrating are in such shit that they are migrating. it is also disgraceful for them to think that they can just bypass everyone who has been waiting for a visa for 10+ years. not surprisingly america has the longest green card backlog by a long shot. if you are not willing to follow the legal guidelines of entering and residing in a country you should not be allowed entrance. plain and simple. when they started their caravans - they cant turn away and ignore this many people all while they are doing something illegal themselves and knowingly. they are saying nope i cant/wont wait my place in line for the next 22 years for a green card like everyone else. i want in now america has never changed its policy that they are not letting these people in. it goes against the laws of fair entrance to everyone else in the world to let them in. at the end of the road these people will reach america and be turned away because they are choosing to try entering in an illegal manner.
1,mexican soldiers have been riding shotgun for drug traffickers at our borders for years and both mexican soldiers and police have been complicit in the human trafficking that funnels people through mexico and up to the us. there were constant incursions by mexican soldiers during the bush years and every time we confronted mexico they plead ignorance and that those weren't mexican soldiers those men in mexican uniforms and carrying mexican standard issue weaponry.
1,not policies one singular policy would cost 32 trillion this the direct cost to the us gov at best. one policy that would nearly double the national budget in one fell swoop.
1,hard to imagine what it is like to live as a useful idiot in a world removed from reality.  and every time you scream for something to solve a non existent problem you are just too fucking dumb to realize how you are being manipulated by the leftist elites.
1,some conservatives i know deny man-made climate change or believe vaccines cause autism. we should do our best to change that within the conservative community. however the left is also anti-science in its own way. for example they will vehemently deny that there are biological differences between man and women. they will fervently deny that there are real differences in biology cognitive capacity and iq between different ethnic groups which lead to problems of underperformance when you have extreme multiculturalism or mass migration. the left's anti-science positions are more insidious because they have the backing of academics and intellectuals who try to cloak all pertinent discussion in a cloud of "well it's complicated...we can't really say for sure and if you keep talking about this you're a bigot!"
1,cher's the pivot now huh?
1,i guess the point is even moon bats have their limits.
1,am i the only one to ask why we care what cher thinks? although i agree.
1,when i was a freshman in college we had to take a class on diversity. in the first session of the first class they tell us how all stereotypes are false and anyone who believes a stereotype is an idiot. i raised my hand and politely explained how that's a stereotype; he just stereotyped everyone in the world who believes in stereotypes. to make a long story short we argued for a bit but it ended with "i'm the teacher and you have to pass this class in order to graduate."message received. people who stereotype are idiots and now i can confirm that's true for at least one of them.
1,martin luther king jr. would be proud i'm sure
1,i wonder what's the definition of "segregation"
1,promote diversity by banning diversity?
1,what a joke. segregation isnt inclusive.
1,> mexicos soldiers recently pulled guns on our national guard soldiers probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the border. better not happen again! any source on this?  if mexican soldiers really drew their guns on us troops this is pretty serious. nevermind. i found more info:> two u. s. soldiers in a remote area of texas were confronted by mexican soldiers who thought the americans had crossed into mexico u. s. officials said tuesday. the mexican troops reportedly removed a weapon from the american soldier who was armed.> the mexican military members believed they were on mexican territory at the time they confronted the americans. the incident happened on a slice of u. s. territory south of the border wall but north of the actual border. ([source: armytimes.com](https://www.armytimes.com/news/your-army/2019/04/24/armed-mexican-soldiers-confronted-us-soldiers-on-us-soil/))
1,if obama was prez we would be in war with mexico already.
1,can we stop to appreciate how direct definite and winning this statement is?
1,i wonder what cenk uygur has to say about today. oh right. he just named his network after the murderous thugs who committed these atrocities.
1,what a horrific event. i happen to know some armenians that are part of the diaspora (many generations later) and i even walked through part of the armenian district in jerusalem.
1,psssh.  never happened.  the armenians just went on vacation got lost and starved to death in the desert on their own.
1,wow sounds like "some people did something."
1,the worst holocaust of the 20th century
1,the democrats simply dont have a viable candidate. america wont vote in bernie sanders or the other pretenders in the crowded field. so that leaves them with hrc? please. she only gets more unlikable with time and doesnt have the stuff to unseat an incumbent trump.
1,i'm excited to see if they have to [bring out the guards] (https://www.commondreams.org/sites/default/files/styles/cd_large/public/views-article/v63oipg.jpg?itok=swl z78b7) again to quell their own voters when they voted for the wrong person.
1,interesting article that went off the rails at the end.   there is no chance on earth that the dems bring hillary back.   she is damaged goods and even less liked now then she was last election.
1,i am in milwaukee and i don't want to be here for the shitshow that's gonna be that week of july.
1,believe bernie cant win at your peril. he has the entire energized youth vote 80-90% minority vote lefty vote and anti-trump vote. this guy can win  and conservatives have to do everything they can to get out the vote and educate the public on the dangers of his socialist policies.
1,believe bernie cant win at your peril. he has the entire energized youth vote 80-90% minority vote lefty vote and anti-trump vote. this guy can win  and conservatives have to do everything they can to get out the vote and educate the public on the dangers of his socialist policies.
1,thanks to capitalism i can go to home depot for all my home repair needs and get as much wood as i want. thanks to socialism it was punishable by death to take apart fences for firewood so you don't freeze to death in the winter.
1,notice that harris has already backed off this lunacy and bernie will too.  the lying liberal media dictates what bullshit they can and cannot sell to the idiot class.  they then conference with the dem politician and tell them "hey even we can't sell that lie or that bullshit to the idiots" and the dem pol relents.  i fully expect bernie to lie his way out of what he clearly said.
1,cnns bias even within the democrats is palpable
1,funny watching the dems all try to out-left him on this in half-assed ways.  guys - voters do not care about policy: they care about personality.  we are a people who like feeling like celebrities relate to us.  act more angry and senile and praise northern europe and curse american values and you can get the nomination on any political platform you choose so long as your tweet game is also strong.
1,bernie does not want the nomination.  he just wants to raise a butt load of money for his next house then walk away.  this is why he keeps playing the nut job and spitting out stupidity.   he gets media coverage raises money from the gullible and no chance of being nominated.
1,*terry mc auliffe gave >170000 their right to vote back in virginia.*    (rumors are that a large majority vote democratic)
1,theyll do anything for votes. look at the wall for instance. the flow of illegals is obviously apparent. now look at the states suing djt for the wall and which ones allow driving privileges for illegals. once the wall was being put up they reach for 16 year olds. now its prisons. the voter pool for dems is being dried up.
1,what a dumb idea. many prisons are in less populated areas they would constitute a significant voting block which doesn't actually live in the community. they would be voting for local candidates and issues like who is on the school committee and other ideas that affect the community but have little bearing on the prisoners themselves. nothing could go wrong there.
1,when cnn stops and goes "now hold up!" you've gone too far.
1,so were pro felons getting guns but anti felons voting because bernie wants them to be able to vote? i dont play like that. felons should have rights too.
1,she was obviously just inventing her position on the spot at the cnn event. most of these democrats don't have real opinions just whatever gets votes and applause.
1,didn't she do the same shit a while back with something regarding the medicare for all shtick? 
1,a politician catering to the crowd? *shocked pikachu face*
1,they are testing the waters at the moment their primaries are coming up soon.
1,i knew i felt the wind changing directions.
1,> child of  black (from a jamaican not african-american) father and an indian (south asian not native american) father. uh editors?  proofreaders?
1,i think we should have that conversation
1,typos everywhere. made it hard to read.
1,the un is a sham organization where the globalist narrative is all that matters. if they said anything like christians deserve equal treatment in the east. then they would be derided and undermined by countries like iran.
1,it's too bad nicki haley isn't still there to call them out on their blatent hypocrisy.
1,it's pretty clear that there is a war on christianity  that is not being acknowledged by the left and the un (a sham of an organization) is quite happy to ignore it as well.
1,each one of them is stupider than the last...it reminds me of clowns streaming out of one of those miniature cars. they are an embarrassment to everything we stand for as americans...
1,yes for the primary nomination they will have to says ridiculously leftist things then reverse their position in presidential campaign to secure "the moderate middle".  listen guys the soundbites used in 2020 from 2019 are going to be fabulous.  just pure gold.
1,what's the over/under for how many times bernie flails his arms?
1,and that crazy is coming to my town in july of 2020!
1,the fact american soldiers were disarmed on american soil is outrageous. i can't even comprehend how something like this could happen.
1,is there any other source beyond a trump tweet that suggests this was a drug smuggling cover up?
1,to those who believe we should drop any further investigation into this matter this is the only way we as a country can move forward. allowing this attempted coup to go unpunished threatens our republic and ensures even further decline in our founding principles.
1,the article doesnt claim that. but it has a point. it says sexual orientation is determined by several factors that also include social factors. the idea that born that way is established science is also wrong. it has not been determined that homosexuality is or isnt a disorder. homosexuals should have rights just like everyone else should not because they were born that way but because they are individuals with hopes and dreams like everyone else.
1,last i checked your not born turned on by hentai lol
1,interesting article.  and i could see how gender fluidity and all that jazz contradicts itself of the "born this way."i think though if one wanted to provide more evidence of this thesis we would need more research/ citations. edit: on another note that damn song is now stuck in my head...so thanks for that.
1,i think of it like food. everyone naturally has different tastes in food but you can grow to like or hate some foods more. but also some people are just allergic to some foods and can't ever have them. which is fine. they just shouldn't force their children (or other people) to also never have those foods. oh and we don't let kids eat only whatever food they think is their favorite that week or every kid is gonna grow up on a diet of chicken nuggets and ice cream. when they get older they can eat whatever food they want.
1,unfortunately the study was done by a fellow at the family research council.  as such it is likely to dissuade anyone who doesn't want to be. of course the data in it is extremely compelling but just seeing that it's from frc is going to keep people from reading it.
1,it's about damn time. now keep those soldiers on the border.
1,why are democrats colluding with these foreign agents intent on breaking our laws and attacking the very foundations of our republic? i demand a special council to investigate this foreign collusion happening in plain sight!!
1,uhhhhhhhhh i mean i try to not judge people based on looks but that lipstick does not work my guy.
1,ugh...this is my neck of the woods. antifa finally made it to nc.
1,white liberals. typical.
1,laughing at the thought of all the useful idiots who always think free is really free.
1,so who is going to pay for that? or are the teachers working for free?
1,nothing but contempt for her and anyone who believes her bullshit.
1,since i didn't take out a loan and worked through school to pay for it i assume she is just going to write me a check for 50k?
1,elections have become a test.  we now determine the percentage of the population with iq's at 40 or below based on the vote count for democrats.
1,let's think what costs more? $50k that you have to pay off or $5-10k in extra taxes to pay for free college for others and to pay back that debt every year for the rest of your whole life?
1,i can get behind some relief for older loans especially ones that still have fairly high balances. when i say relief i mean things like freezing the interest rates reducing rates or even cutting it to zero in some cases. maybe even forgive some of the penalties like late fees or portions of massive interest debt as in you borrowed 100k and after 20 years still owe 100k+. but to say that we're going to pay off large portions of your debt because you made a choice and now can't or don't want to deal with it? nope. life doesn't and shouldn't work that way. we can also certainly discuss the culture of the lending practices whether they're predatory or if people were "brainwashed or tricked" into thinking they had to go to college but to ask the government to bail us out everytime we as a people do something stupid is ludicrous. people are and should be smarter than this. the democratic candidacy has become a race of who can offer the most "free stuff" and spend their to "prosperity" while simultaneously attacking the current administrations spending habits.
1,geez. that was almost all of my debt after grad school. maybe students need to find cheaper in-state schools.
1,unfortunately her voting base are the useful idiots that think there is a greater than 0% chance of this actually happening.
1,illegal immigration is eroding the welfare state.
1,this looks like mexico city  not la... this powder keg is going to explode with another riot burning down those same buildings. (last one i remember was rodney king). but this time the rather than the rest of the country shaking their heads and wondering what was going on the "fly over states" will be saying "i told you so". the diseases the filth the crime (no taxes  permits and the high probability that the consumer is getting ripped off) ... you'd think they'd at least do a raid once in a while.  but from what i can see they are just letting it grow.  these are the streets that will be more crowded if the 'plan (idk if it was for real but i like it) to send the illegals to sanctuary cities goes into effect.
1,ahh the poor little rat is going to get rat fucked.  i'll play the world's smallest violin for him. however i'll note that prosecutors threatening to put away family members as leverage is something right out of the nazi play book.  why the fuck are they allowed to use his wife's crimes as leverage against cohen.  having cohen plead guilty to something he doesn't think he's guilty of and then letting his wife go is both corrupt and evil. a similar tactic was used on manafort and flynn.
1,>michael cohen has disavowed responsibility for some of the crimes to which he has pleaded guilty privately contending in a recent recorded phone call that he hadnt evaded taxes and that a criminal charge related to his home-equity line of credit was a lie. as he prepares to begin a three-year prison term on may 6 mr. cohen president trumps former lawyer expressed dismay during the conversation that after testifying for more than 100 hours to federal and congressional investigators about his work for mr. trumpincluding the coordination of hush-money deals with two womenhe remained a man all alone. you would think that you would have folks you know stepping up and saying you know what this guys lost everything mr. cohen said during the march 25 call recorded without mr. cohens knowledge by the actor and comedian tom arnold. mr. arnold a vocal critic of president trump who first made contact with mr. cohen in june provided the recording to the wall street journal for review. my familys happiness and my law license mr. cohen continued. i lost my businessmy insurance my bank accounts all for what? all for what? because trump you know had an affair with a porn star? thats really what this is about. lanny davis a lawyer for mr. cohen said: michael has taken responsibility for his crimes and will soon report to prison to serve his sentence. while he cannot change the past he is making every effort to reclaim his life and do right by his family and country. he meant no offense by his statements. a spokesman for the manhattan u. s. attorneys office declined to comment. the white house didnt respond to a request for comment. in pleading guilty in august mr. cohen explicitly admitted to his crimes before a judge to make it clear he was acting knowingly. i take full responsibility for each act that i pled guilty to he said at his sentencing hearing in december. since then he has been attempting to have his sentence reduced by aiding congressional investigations. mr. cohens private comments are unlikely to help his cause with the federal prosecutors who would have to endorse a shorter term behind bars legal experts said adding that they wouldnt lead to an increase in his sentence either unless the government were to bring new charges against him. mr. cohen pleaded guilty to eight criminal charges brought by new york federal prosecutors including campaign-finance violations in connection with hush-money payments to the two women the former porn star stormy daniels and the former playboy centerfold model karen mc dougal. mr. trump denies he had sex with either woman. mr. cohen also admitted to five counts of evading personal income taxes and one count of understating his debt and expenses in an application for a $500000 home-equity line of credit or heloc. mr. cohen testified in february in the house of representatives that mr. trump committed crimes including directing the hush-money schemes during the 2016 presidential campaign involving the two women. i never directed michael cohen to break the law mr. trump wrote on twitter in december. new york prosecutors have asserted previously that mr. cohen has been loath to acknowledge his false statements to banks. this signals that cohens consciousness of wrongdoing is fleeting that his remorse is minimal and that his instinct to blame others is strong prosecutors wrote in a december filing. before his sentencing mr. cohens then-lawyer pushed back on the tax charges telling the judge he had merely failed to identify all his income on bank records he gave his accountant. prosecutors argued the tax evasion was willful. on the march call mr. cohen seemed to walk back parts of his admission. there is no tax evasion he said on the call. and the heloc? i have an 18% loan-to-value on my home. how could there be a heloc issue? how? right? its a lie. in the 36-minute recording messrs. cohen and arnold covered a range of issues from the legal troubles of former stormy daniels attorney michael avenatti to mr. trumps affinity for the leader of north korea. mr. arnold said he made the recording without mr. cohens knowledge. mr. cohen has himself surreptitiously recorded conversations. during a raid of his home office and hotel room in april 2018 the federal bureau of investigation seized recordings the lawyer made while talking to journalists political allies and others including mr. trump. during the call last month mr. arnold praised mr. cohen for standing against the president. you are a hero and youre not alone mr. arnold said. mr. cohens lawyers earlier this month sought help from the democratic chairmen of four house committees in obtaining a reduced sentence for their client asking them to send the legal team a letter saying that mr. cohen had substantially cooperated with congress and that congressional investigators would need access to him to complete their probes. rep. adam schiff (d. calif.) chairman of the house intelligence committee told cnn he doesnt involve himself in sentencing matters as a practice. there is no indication other lawmakers complied. speaking privately with mr. arnold mr. cohen said he had pleaded guilty to the charges in august because they had me on campaign finance and prosecutors were targeting his wife. mr. cohen had failed to disclose to the internal revenue service more than $2.4 million in interest payments he had received from loans some of which were deposited in an account under his wifes name new york federal prosecutors wrote in a court filing. mr. cohens wife declined to comment. i love this woman and i am not going to let her get dragged into the mud of this crap mr. cohen said. and i never thought the judge was going to throw a three-year fricking sentence. mr. arnold who has been on a yearslong search for unaired footage of mr. trump on the set of the apprentice said he called mr. cohen on march 25 to follow up on their interactions from last summer. in june 2018 mr. arnold tweeted a picture of himself with mr. cohen and said they were working together to take down mr. trump though he later walked that back after mr. cohen denied it. in an interview mr. arnold said he made the call to give mr. cohen moral support. he said he recorded the conversation because mr. cohen tapes everything and i wanted to remember what we talked about. the two men spoke on the day that mr. avenatti was arrested in new york and charged in federal court with trying to extort nike inc. and separately with bank fraud in california. mr. avenatti who has since been charged with embezzling from clients has denied any wrongdoing and said he has been targeted for his opposition to mr. trump. while representing ms. daniels whose real name is stephanie clifford mr. avenatti was sharply critical of mr. cohen. look at whats happening to avenattiits called karma boomerang mr. cohen told mr. arnold. the guy lied about me every single day right? and the world loved it. asked for comment mr. avenatti called mr. cohen a convicted felon who tampered with an election for trumps benefit. everything i said about him was 100% true including that he is ignorant as further evidenced by his use of the term karma boomerang he said. mr. cohen also criticized the president. i always knew you know who he was and what he was and so on but it didnt really matter because itshes a small microcosm of new york real estate. mr. cohen suggested it was a very different matter to accept mr. trumps behavior as president. they put sanctions on north korea and he removes them because he likes kim jong un because hes my friend? mr. cohen said alluding to how the president described the north korean leader in a february tweet and to sanctions mr. trump decided not to apply in march. what kind of nonsense is this? nicole hong rebecca ballhaus joe palazzolo and rebecca davis obrien contributed to this article.
1,yeah well he's a proven liar so there's that.
1,the sgm nailed it.  great article!
1,good read.  honestly the fact that she's lamenting the deaths of aidid's people who forced her to flee from her home more than the american soldiers who gave their lives really says something.
1,oh the irony.  and why is she still talking? go away. go retire. go live your end years in peace away from politics. you're never going to be president and most everyone wants nothing to do with you. just shut the hell up and disappear already.
1,hillery clinton is a walking example of someone who should be in jail for obstruction of justice.  she runs an illegal email server chocked full of classified data she lies that it contains no classified data and then has the server wiped 3 weeks after it's subpoenaed in order to hide that it's full of classified data.  she committed a crime and then committed a second crime by destroying evidence in order to impede the investigation into her original crime.  that's obstruction of justice. trump on the other hand committed no underlying crime committed no crimes that impeded an investigation and did nothing to impeded the investigation like claiming executive privileged to cover up a crime that he was aware of.  there's no case for obstruction of justice with trump.
1,grease2310: any person other than clinton would have been indicted by comey
1,waaaaaaaaaaait a minute!!!!!  there is no way this isnt a babylon bee article.......  oh crap it isnt?!?!
1,i'm a bot *bleep* *bloop*. someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:- [/r/topmindsofreddit] [top minds on \/r\/conservative completely silent on mueller report. front page has a story about hot dogs and a 'feminist cafe.' only post related to obstruction is about hillary being the real criminal.](https://www.reddit.com/r/top minds of reddit/comments/bgwirw/top_minds_on_rconservative_completely_silent_on/)&nbsp;*^(if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([info](/r/totes messenger) ^/ ^[contact](/message/compose?to=/r/totes messenger))*
1,she is a lot like foot fungus.  you think you get rid of that shit by pissing on your feet for weeks on end.  but then you feel that itch again. in the end the media keeps printing her blather.  i still hope she runs.  nothing could be better.
1,"any person other than trump would have been indicted for obstruction but what the hell do i know?  hell i kept a private server in my basement to illegally hide my communications from foia requests and then *destroyed* everything i could *after* being subpoenaed.  i'm actually amazed that i didn't go to prison like so many have for doing sooooooo much less!"
1,the definition of projection
1,go look in the mirror ms. bleach bit!
1,um "political rival" combined with the death of journalism. the free press probably used to exist to provide an additional check on government overreach; for decades now it has existed primarily as a check on anything republican or conservative. the investigative powers seem to have an increasingly large blind spot as the ideology of the "criminal" moves to the left...
1,clapper & co. will ultimately be sacrificed on the alter of obama allowing bho and hrc to evade justice.
1,why do democrats protect terrorist sympathizers? literally sympathizing with terrorists and we roll out the red carpet for them. i want off mr bones wild ride now.
1,a chalk mark on a tire seems far less intrusive than a photo uploaded to a database and maintained for however long the municipality so desires.
1,interesting argument and one that has applicability in other areas. however one side effect of this will be increased data collection and databasing of information.  this will encourage parking enforcement to use alpr (automated license plate recognition) to record the date/location of a car to determine weather or not a ticket should be given.  however that data will likely never be thrown away after the car leaves or the ticket is issued.  i wouldn't be surprised if it were stored long term and would be searchable by other members of the law enforcement community within that area who could use it to determine patterns of travel for either a suspect or someone they may have a beef with.
1,it's logical.  the two party system means you need to pick a candidate your least-liked allies will support.  if you assume your least-liked ally is not sexist and racist and run a candidate they don't like they don't turn out and you lose.
1,yeah weird how holder took no flak for being obama's "wingman" some even praise his loyalty for doing so. but barr follows the law and gets ripped for it.
1,are you gonna stay around for all four years? radio host tom joyner asked holder on april 4 2013 early in obama's second term. im still the presidents wingman holder replied. so im here with my boy.
1,remember obama exercised executive privilege to protect holder from perjury after being caught lying to congress. the house even voted to hold him in contempt. holder was one of the biggest political hacks to hold the office yet we never heard these coordinated talking point that he was "acting as obama's personal attorney and not the nation's."https://www.investors.com/politics/editorials/eric-holder-repeatedly-lied-to-congress/#
1,worked well for them in 2016. the mc cains and romney's endorsement is irrelevant to a very large percentage of the trump and even independent voting bases.
1,mc cain was a rino who's sheer anger over trump's personal attacks blinded him to the larger issues. as juvenile as trump's pre-election posturing was mc cain's inability to get past it (cruz and rubio did!) led to his emotions overriding logic. he didn't screw trump on ending obama-care - he screwed the american people. still and always a war hero but not in control of his emotions.
1,*ha ha ha!* all aboard the mittens express!
1,good get all the swamp monsters on the same side of the aisle. take the bushes and bill kristol with you when you go. it will make the clean-out that much easier
1,you mean the soldiers who were fighting against a war lord that stole foreign aid to give to his militia rather than letting it be distributed to the starving people of somalia? they just need to fly over what ever crap hole country she came from and push her out.
1,its almost like she's not speaking to and for americans... also over here it's called "the moge" and "i have a very specific skill too useful to be wasted on the battlefield.">! typing sir.!<
1,just like obama ilhan omar is not an american in any way.
1,glad i read this more people need to view this
1,with people like that i wonder how republicans can not win next election. this person is a gift/sane person repellent.
1,amen! thank you for your service and bravery and for pointing out what i truly hope the people of mn will take to heart when casting their next vote for rep.
1,what do you expect from someone who wears a diaper on her head because she has shit for brains?
1,it's actually really sad that this kid had to forfeit instead of competing because of his government's antisemitism.
1,mentalities like this produce suicide bombers and terrorists.
1,send an israeli team to the pan arab games and sweep the competition!
1,>jeff merkley insisted that aid to innocent civilians should not be caught up in broader geopolitical battles. we can and should restore aid to children and other vulnerable populations at the same time as we stand steadfastly by israels security.    if the civilians continually vote for terrorist organizations are they really innocent?
1,[it only took their mods 6 weeks to make the changes we asked for but at least they finally came around and did the right thing!](https://i.imgur.com/ei4pj k8.jpg)
1,here's the question though. did the admins of reddit intervene or did they feel their partisanship was too obvious.
1,i had just assumed that was the whole point of the top minds subreddit. was it not?
1,time to put a coexist sticker on my car?
1,color me surprised. honk honk!
1,what're they going to do for content now?
1,it's a bummer i can't go and laugh at their "they're brigading us!!!" comments in they're brigading threads anymore...
1,sweet! so does this dummy lil war they had going on with us end now?
1,tard minds is getting it together it seems.
1,womp womp for the tards that harassed this sub.
1,i love how they're too miserable to even act like the changes are something they're on board with. can't even phrase them in a way that doesn't immediately sound like a teenager rolling their eyes.
1,we will move towards renormalization of relations with that sub and hopefully eventual denuclearization
1,these people literally have no job
1,they don't stamp out trollery they are trollery. it's questionable why this would be an 'announcement' on this sub.
1,looks like the plastic lobby got to him
1,i think after youre out regardless of what you were in for you should be able to vote. when youre in you have relinquished most of your rights and in my mind that includes voting.
1,if felons and criminals voted 90% republican can guarantee the left would be arguing against this. they are trying to dig up more votes.
1,felons terrorists rapists and murderers. that's who democrats want representing america.
1,now if he can just make south fl not part of fl. he'd be the best.
1,butthurt report.>user reports:2: this is spam2: it's rude vulgar or offensive1: i respect your personal opinion but i think it's shit.1: spam1: triggered christians . so oppressed. christians amirite. most. oppressed. in the world 1: jesus christ go outside1: it threatens violence or physical harm at someone else
1,it's because it doesn't fit her narrative. she's afraid of offending muslims. shameful.
1,what sucks most about this to me is that she (and others like her) feel absolutely fine acting like this.  i mean it's good that she's making it clear what kind of person she is but part of me wishes she at least had the decency to *pretend* to be even-handed.
1,christians aren't considered an oppressed class in the intersectional faith
1,this should surprise nobody.   id say you could ask her about it but she only does interviews on shows that will praise her.
1,if the world hates you keep in mind that it hated me first. if you belonged to the world it would love you as its own. as it is you do not belong to the world but i have chosen you out of the world. that is why the world hates you. remember what i told you: a servant is not greater than his master. if they persecuted me they will persecute you also. if they obeyed my teaching they will obey yours also. they will treat you this way because of my name for they do not know the one who sent me."edit: the gold is much appreciated. don't ever question why it is that they hate us just bear it the best you can and keep telling the truth.
1,absolutely disgusting politics. americans died in sri lanka. americans didn't die in new zealand. where are her priorities?
1,democrats hate christians
1,the left cannot tolerate christians being acknowledged as  victims
1,has no one told her what to say yet?
1,she doesn't wanna offend ohmar and tlaib.
1,is it almost time that we start ignoring her?  or do we have to do this to react to the left praising her stupidity?
1,well guys give her a break on one hand we had a distinct religious group and on the other eas ter wo rshi pers...
1,she is pro islam and anti american working with globalists to deconstruct the usa.. of course she can't say anything. even if she wanted to which i doubt she does her handlers would never allow it as the globalist plan is muslim immigration influxes to displace white people and christians. this vile racist woman must be stopped at all costs.
1,it's so depressing seeing the reaction people have had to the sri lankan terror attack nearly 300 people died 300. it was clearly a collaborative attack on christians. yet compared to the christchurch attack (which was just as abhorrent) the reaction has been near to nothing. i never wanted to go down this rabbit hole because i didn't want to believe it but i'm starting to see some truth about an assault on christians whites and practically anything that symbolises the west and all its successes.
1,cnn was literally on today blaming the christchurch shooters for causing muslim retaliation in sri lanka. the hilarity and stupidity just keep one upping each other.
1,that stupid bitch has to figure out if she agrees or not... heres a clue.. no
1,they're not even trying to hide they don't care about the christian vote. they want the leftist and islamist vote. both hate christians.
1,let's not overuse the "you didn't say anything this time" narrative. you have to let a person walk into that to pull the hypocrisy rigmarole. you don't go out of your way to point it out. i make remarks occasionally. i don't comment on a lot of other things. if everything i don't comment on is an aspersion on my character i'm truly screwed.
1,apparently christian lives are just worth less. islam won't skip on america. see you around the block cortez. sleeping with snakes... don't be surprised when you get bitten.
1,she better not come out with an "easter worshipper" tweet
1,there is not one single good explanation for this. and shes not the only democrat who was screeching about muh white nationalism for a month and then went radio silent when 321 people (including at least four americans) were killed in sri lanka. the far left wing of the democratic party is cancer.
1,>ocasio-cortez jumped into action only a couple hours after reports surfaced about the new zealand terror attacks mocking people of faith in a tweet: "at 1st i thought of saying 'imagine being told your house of faith isnt safe anymore.' but i couldnt say 'imagine.' because of charleston. pittsburgh. sutherland springs. what good are your thoughts & prayers when they dont even keep the pews safe?"how could the democrats defend this?
1,it's only bad if the white devil does it.   all others are simply misunderstood.
1,i really wish she was just dumb and pretty instead of dumb pretty and in office
1,this chick is in way over her head. but of course she has 99 percent of the media to help her and not call out her nonsense. was she even a good bartender?
1,because thats what the left do. they pretend to care about those in need but they only do it for their benefit alone. just look at trumps sanctuary cities. before that they were calling trump a racist and appealing to immigrants to hopefully win their votes but as soon as the immigrants start actually affecting their way of life theyre either silent or campaigning against it not thanking trump for providing sanctuary to immigrants. im not surprised they havent referred it to the nazi ghettos yet. i bet that theyll eventually find some way to blame the sri lankan attack on white people probably blaming the coward who shot up a mosque in new zealand for the attack (to be fair it was in retaliation) instead of tackling the real issue: radicalism.
1,well of course. this attack isn't useful to her. she could use the nz shooting to say that guns are bad and that muslims are oppressed. this attack doesn't help her forward any of her narratives so she ignores it. it shows that she doesn't actually care about people or any of these attacks. she only cars about pushing her agenda.
1,this is a good thing. conservatives should want the left wing to say as much or as little as they want. give them enough rope and theyll eventually hang themselves. weve seen it time and time again. thats why i stopped arguing with libs and just let them talk
1,its because she wants your guns. she isn't concerned about explosions.
1,occasional-cortex has not been told what to say yet.  give it a week or so.
1,she fucked up...she could have gotten some sway by coming out against it and using the dreaded christian word
1,are we really gonna trip if someone doesnt say something? not saying something isnt the same as condoning it. who cares this is the same argument media used for trump supporting white supremacy
1,it's great that they're talking about this on /r/politics oh sorry they're not.
1,in before she just calls the christians that died "easter worshipers"
1,she's influential and has to take the public/social responsibility of commenting on these events. it's almost as if people are gonna interpret this as an act of sympathizing with the terrorists indirectly.
1,am i the only one happy she just stfu?
1,she can't blame white people or guns for this so obviously she's gonna stay quiet. it's disgusting how both sides remain silence when it doesn't fit their agenda
1,i like to think she will smarten up one day and recognize that radical islamicists are not our friends and there is good reason to shun them. one day.
1,if at any point there is anything to grill this bitch over you can count the daily wire to do it. god i love ben and his brand.
1,her handlers haven't told her how she feels about it yet.
1,giving anymore coverage to this woman only fuels the response from the other side.  ignore her arrogance and agenda then defeat her on the floor of the senate with votes.
1,it's sad to know that such devastating events are being politicized by individuals for personal and political gains.
1,of course she is silent. demo's praise islam as being tbe religion of peace but i still have yet to see suicide bombers from other religious groups.
1,its one thing to be passionate about something because you really believe youll do some good. but if you can willfully and knowingly ignore the deaths of people because you cant use it for your own political gain now youve run out of integrity with yourself. and now i could never respectfully disagree with you but instead just plain old disagree with you.
1,sometimes it's better to remain silent.&#x200b; [https://www.huffpost.com/entry/sri-lanka-donald-trump-138-million-toll-tweet\_n\_5cbd3ca0e4b06605e3f04d49](https://www.huffpost.com/entry/sri-lanka-donald-trump-138-million-toll-tweet_n_5cbd3ca0e4b06605e3f04d49)
1,i think that at this point being the way i look i'm only accepted by one political party. and you just guessed what i look like and are probably right.
1,i've been waiting for her response 'easter worshippers waiting for the easter bunny while anticipating the famous egg hunt'. with a bunch of blah blah blah....
1,doesn't fit the "orange man bad" narrative so it's not important.
1,they only care when they can use it to attack white people. its not even subtle.
1,socialists and christianity don't mix. democrats and christianity also dont mix. i mean the dems did cut god out of their platform.
1,these scum gain nothing when the so-called oppressing class is left with hundreds of shredded bodies in an act of religious persecution.
1,not even an "easter worshippers?" the dnc must really hate her
1,why does she need to speak on any issue and she has no power over foreign affairs? how does her voice matter regardless?
1,their anti-christian bias is soo obvious for everyone  except for themselves
1,of course she didn't. what do you expect from a human trash like her i am deeply ashamed she represent my district in nyc.
1,you really are a brick. people who if asked with any political leaning would say have done more for african  americans. why would i bring up the macro to your immediacy argument. idk that's a tough one.
1,there's some talk that obama was using uk intel and the nsa to spy on political opponents as far back as 2012.  romney may have had the same thing happen to his campaign.
1,old-fashioned racism and segregation.
1,this is what dr. king fought and died for?
1,#honk honk
1,"we need to confront racism in *all* it's forms....now how can we strike down the white devil segregate them and marginalize their existence and influence in todays inclusive society?"
1,if it benefits republicans to include the question logically who is benefited by including *criminals* indiscriminately? they need to come off it already. theres a rule of law and its always been in place. only one group is intending to benefit from criminals and its crystal clear.
1,bob's about to never again get a cnn invite.
1,well in fairness to the driver trump drives cars so it is obviously trumps fault not his.  in seriousness charge is assault with a deadly weapon?  no it should be premeditated attempted murder with a deadly weapon.
1,why aren't democrats ashamed of themselves?
1,i think the exact opposite. how could anyone support the democrats' radical agenda?
1,because i am not "trump" lol  he does things i like  just because he is a raging ass that says dumb shit has no bearing on him doing what i want politically. why are they so childish
1,let's  see green new deal after birth abortions obvious petty attempts at garnering votes ( reparations) illegal immigration being ok and a false narrative on a duly elected president being a russian spy... i miss anything?
1,not a fan of trump but i'm more not a fan of you.
1,this is a libertarian argument as much as it is a conservative one. only a socialised police force can breed about this much inefficiency and not be penalised for it by free market competition.
1,just makes me appreciate absolutely kicking the shit out of them back in 1783 and 1815.
1,once upon a time the sun never set on the british empire. now it's perpetual midnight. sad.
1,fact: women commit dv more often than men its just when men commit dv the intensity is much greater. iow: women send you to the er to get stitches men send you to the morgue.
1,remember this is also a country where we have no legal right to own firearms. the cops are too busy with this nonsense instead of combating crime whilst at the same time citizens have no practical and legal means to defend themselves and their families from criminals. are liberty and justice dead in the uk?
1,bad guy: i had this master plan enslave all these people but i was thwarted because those damn cops painted their fingernails. how did the cops find out that painting their fingernails prevents me from enslaving people for some reason?
1,these guys basically ruled the world at one point. lol
1,don't worry. they'll drop all this nonsense the instant someone says something mean on twitter or someone reports an unlicensed buttering of toast seen through a window.
1,i'm glad this isn't in the us.  if we had the soaring violent crime rates like the uk does and *this* is how the police are reacting i hope there would be a massive uproar for them to get their shit together.
1,its good to see they have their priorities in order.
1,welcome to clown world take a seat and enjoy the view.
1,this is what i call the culture of obama...all show and publicity with zero results...but the masses never notice the last part of no results they are too focused on the fireworks show
1,does anyone have the name of the site this was taken from?
1,people are more afraid of upsetting wrongdoers than stopping them. this does not just apply to police. a lot of people have lost the will to fight.
1,a clown police force for a clown world uk.
1,i tried to argue points on /politics but was banned
1,are they signaling that they're pedo bears?
1,300+ christian get killed =i sleep50 muslims get killed= real shit
1,i get the sentiment but let's not pretend like these guys are ignoring screams for help while wearing high heels. much of their ineffectiveness is due to policy rather than inaction.
1,hey now. some border patrol agents are fighting to keep the same political borders of northern ireland and that is honorable.
1,there's a show from the uk that keeps popping up on my you tube recommendations called "don't pay? we'll take it away." it's basically about court-appointed collection agents going into houses and business and issuing ultimatums about court judgments or other debts levied against them. at least once an episode someone will start getting rowdy and physically harass the officers who will then call the police... and it'll take 45 minutes for the police to show up. i honestly don't know how the uk hasn't become utterly lawless by now.
1,rip britain.  you were once great but no longer....
1,if i'm being honest it seems like they are just putting there faces out with decent pr. i don't really think that seeing an officer or two being light-hearted is affecting our crime rates...
1,i remember when the chick-fil-a boycotts began. i also remember being in line that overflowed into a street waiting to order a chicken sandwich. believe it or not chick-fil-a did not offend my political views nor hurt my feelings i showed my support to a company that produced a quality product and exceeds personal expectations regarding customer service. so what if amazon publicly donates money to lgbt(q*) causes? so what if proctor & gamble supposedly donate money to the church of satan? if we were to boycott everyone we didn't agree with on a personal level we'd be without friends goods and services while bitching about the lack of. this manufactured outrage and victimhood is something we must walk away from and just enjoy our fucking lives
1,these people get paid to play dress up and pretend to be other people.   i simply do not care what you have to say or think just because youre on a screen. and people who put all this hype around them just blow my mind
1,anything that is not an absolute statement of support and solidarity with the left is to be taken as an alt-right attack now? i hope marvel is happy with their choice in actresses 'cause this one seems to bring more trouble than she's worth.
1,no doubt renner will get shit for how uninterested he looks
1,the internet ablaze? you mean a few incel and alt-right sites and a handful of you tube channels all of which will be ignored like everything else the butthurt have tried and failed at the last couple of months?
1,"some people did something. at this point what difference does it make?" -probably.
1,our old friend cenk will love this.
1,"the lawmaker said as the 2020 election approached he believed the country will pay a heavy price for trumps reckless spending and shortsighted financial policies. so he joins the party which seeks to spend trillions on socialist boondoggles...yeah...that makes perfect sense.
1,dont let the screen door hit you on the way out...
1,so because of trump this guy has decided to flip flop on his stances on abortion gun rights fiscal policy immigration etc? the real question here is does this guy actually believe in anything he says or votes on
1,so he was already a democrat he's just making it official.
1,well that cover just gave me nightmares
1,50 shades of retardation
1,in before someone trolls "it's not communism it's socialism!"socialism is when the workers seize the means of production. communism is when the government does it.  since there aren't any real *workers* in their movement the government has to manage things. history of course is replete with examples of how that didn't go wrong at all.
1,caan't breathe...cannnnn't stoppp....laughinnnnggggg!
1,lol bernie actually got kicked out of a commune for being lazy
1,the man who got kicked out of a commune in the 1970s he was so lazy
1,buy my book for free everything
1,\>the man who never works\>the man who never thinkslmfao it's already gonna be a best seller
1,nightmare fuel. but i'll buy the book.
1,imagine if aoc actually had that hairstyle 
1,hilarious but the thought of either of these having sex makes me sob uncontrollably
1,delete this\-planned parenthood
1,my mom had this with my older brother and kidney cancer.  he is married and has 2 kids 34 years later.  my mom is still doing good as well.
1,im glad she had the right to make whatever decision she wanted and that its not illegal to keep a pregnancy when you have cancer. awesome theyre happy.
1,this is a great story but do not treat this as a blueprint everyone should follow. the mother is always more important to save if it's a one or the other type situation. if the mother makes the choice to lay down her life to protect the childs for moral or religious reasons then god bless that woman but i hope the father is present with the suport and means necessary to care for the child. if not the father then hopefully family or friends of the mother. when a pregnant mother is sick it is not black and white. it is all gray and hard to navigate to find the right decision. if a doctor says to a to-be mother she needs treatment before the child can be delivered and if she doesn't there is a 25% chance of her dieing who are we to tell the mother she must take that risk? facing sickness and the worst possible scenario for her baby is a tragedy. one that wont be made lightly. the health and life of the mother is so important for a child. let the family decide whats right for them. its not a meaningless murder because it's inconvenient at the time. it's a life-altering decision that should be respected.
1,not always the case.. my niece had a good prognosis with her cancer treatments until she got pregnant. she knew what she was doing when she stopped the cancer treatments. during pregnancy the cancer spread to her bones and she died when her baby was 2.  we respect the hell out of her decision it was her life but we sure miss her
1,"immediately she rejected the idea of aborting her unborn daughter saying i knew i would rather die and give birth."immediately got me teary-eyed. what a sacrifice of love. god does move and work miracles. that being said as a pro-lifer i would not blame a mother in this situation for choosing the abortion. it is a tragic gray area that had a mercifully happy ending here.
1,all abortions are murder.  mothers who get abortions deserve the same fate.
1,well with india and china holding down 75% of the world's pollution i can't really see this going anywhere.
1,if we've only got 12 years left i'm going to eat whatever the hell i want.
1,lol.  the mayor of the financial capital of the world is a fucking moron.  it will be fun to watch all the nyc idiots as the "things that they like" are eventually cut back or ended.  they never realize that all the idiots that believe in the global warming hoax are going down a slippery slope.
1,"let's be clear - i pulled this number out of my ass and i'm so confident in this arbitrary future date that i'm willing to sacrifice your hot dogs to back up my idiocy"
1,i picture de blasio and gore at a sleepover having a pillow fight and giggling uncontrollably.
1,say what you want about walsh the man can write a headline.
1,that was a extremely well written piece.
1,since democrats seem to value style and celebrities over substance i think i have an idea we can all get behind. wouldnt it be great to see people from the office run for the democratic ticket.   i sure miss that show and it would be good to see them again.   also they are (especially in character) as qualified as any of the current democratic candidates but they would be so much more entertaining.  the democrats would probably love it too since they would have the celebrities they crave and access to the  wisdom of their idols.   it wouldnt hurt the current field of candidates since theres so many of them anyway it would be good to at least recognize someone in their array of candidates. imagine jim as potus and angela as commerce secretary.    good times!!    imagine the great scenarios that can come from this.
1,hide all of the garbage subs always remember to tell yourself that this place isn't reflective of reality more than a skewed collection of younger people high school and college students and non-americans who either have no idea how this place works or have yet to truly experience and rationalize life. try to be patient and remember that if you're right the reasonable will notice and truth will win even if you're getting downvoted to hell by the ideologues and dogmatics. and if you're wrong maybe you'll learn something and become that more effective and well-rounded. even if i'm arguing with a radical i try to speak like moderates are listening and taking notes on the sidelines. sometimes it ends up being trollfare and that's fine too it's the internet.
1,i just... don't. it's not worth the stress anymore. i try to ignore the things i don't agree with.
1,just dont expect a civil conversation youll just be disappointed and annoyed. at this point i just troll subs like r/politics or r/politicalhumor because i find it funny no reason to go to those subs for any other purpose
1,interact with open-minded people in real life.
1,i listen to anything someone says i'll concede any good arguments they make. other than that. ftw. i follow reason and logic.
1,hah outside of reddit i'm in california silicon valley. it's just not worth it to say anything most of the time. ..
1,>how do you feel about expressing your political beliefs? fantastic. i like to spend my friday nights on profanity laced political tirades with a bull horn on a very busy intersection downtown. people dismiss me as an angry homeless guy. >! don't do this. i'm not being serious.!<
1,haha. yeah right nothing will happen.
1,if you criticize obama you are labeled a racist. obama can always use the race card.
1,let's not start sounding as crazy at the bernie bros or the shrieking progressives seemingly every day certain that *this time* they'll get trump.
1,i can see the headlines now if democrats win in 2020:  iran interferes in us elections: was there collusion? we will need a two year investigation throw in charges of obstruction and possible impeachment.  you heard it here first!
1,brb about to report every leftist post on twitter.
1,correction: twitter plans to let users report posts that they feel 'expose the democratic party as the organized crime syndicate it really is'
1,these people aren't snowflakes. no democrat in this country is actually offended by kavanaugh. they hate him simply because they are anti-christian and hate the fact that he represents a possible return to traditional morality in america
1,because white people are a problem.
1,shouldn't the headline be:    former cbs director of diversity: i suck at my job.
1,a bunch of stupid ass questions (but actually a dumb ass pro choice comments) so far...
1,watching cher swallow her redpill in real-time is awesome
1,i assume cher has been getting bombarded with desperate democrats telling her how wrong she is for her posts about illegal immigration.  has she apologized publicly yet?
1,i was kind of hoping this would be about trump-supporter mia khalifa!
1,i saw cher and sonny in 1965!!!&#x200b;i walked neighborhoods and voted for barry goldwater in 1964 at age 21. my date and i went to see george and teddy in hillsborough ca the next year -- 1965. they were famous for headlining the condor  club up in north beach sf where the infamous carol doda danced topless on top of a piano.&#x200b;in hillsborough ( i think it may have been small venue next to a hyatt hotel!!) george and teddy had 4 opening acts -- one of which was a tall brunette in long slinky clothes and her pal in a bear skin vest. nobody had ever heard of them sonny went on to be mayor of palm springs then a congressman before he died in a skiing accident.
1,"we have the best memes folks."
1,maga mia!  here we go again!!
1,cher absolutely hates trump lmao. but i still approve ot this meme. it will make her retch and that makes me smile.
1,we have the best memers.
1,shes a traitor. her citizenship should be revoked and ilhan and her family deported. change my mind.
1,>**asked for lighter sentencing for isis war criminals**imagine people voted for her...
1,there's another muslim running for congress in fl. like omar and tlaib he's supported by cair. it's our duty to keep him from winning.
1,well duh? omar represents her district of terrorists very well. that's what she was elected to do after all.
1,the dnc is a extremist group
1,anxiously waiting for the day she gets sentenced for treason.
1,i also wonder if she believes 9/11 was done by al qaeda."some people did something" is so bland that she could believe that bush or israel is responsible.
1,# get dem towels # make minnesomalia minnesota again #stop the steal
1,brother fucker omar should get a one way ticket back to where she came from
1,i went to a speech and met one of the army rangers who was a survivor of the black hawk down incident (keni thomas). he told the entire story of his involvement pretty interesting. the fact that america hating left wingers embrace people like ilhan (who gives big hugs to islamic fundamentalism) should be a wake up call.
1,shes all shabab all the time.
1,a terrorist a traitor and should be deported for immigration fraud for marrying her brother.
1,> black hawk down? didnt that happen in ~~sweden~~ somalia? oh i get it she hated the movie for depicting her people as savages etc so she hates the events of that day. seems petty.
1,shout out to cag operator kyle lamb for going on fox news to discuss this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wm vehct6r_g for those of you who haven't seen it ranger jeff struecker went back to mogadishu 20 years later back in 2013:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b tf mpq oxanewould love to hear cag operator paul howe light her up too.
1,- voted no against a bill limiting insurance $$ to terrorist / their families
1,had hussein not turned minnesota into minnesomalia this subversive hijabi quisling would have never seen the light of day.
1,that little chickee is going open her stupid mouth once too often and get her butt tossed out of congress.  i will be applauding when that happens.
1,the real question is:does she have any ties to any of these terrorist organizations? if so  then she can be removed from office and prosecuted.
1,you know crazy stuff like that only happens when times are good. the liberal base accepts her because they dont really have any worries in their life and they think a muslim anti-semitic anti-american rep. is a nice opportunity to troll conservatives. just wait until times get worse and people have actual worries again. the leftists who want their good lifes back with their iphones and starbucks coffee and all that will be the first ones who will cry for true patriots to protect them against the orcish invasion...
1,only in america where somalians refuse to integrate and elect a islamic terrorist sympathizer. deport her ass.#kag 2020
1,she doesn't seem american.
1,what would it take to get this ~~traitor~~ enemy out of our government?
1,gonna be funny watching her backtrack now that geotus agreed with her.
1,literally had to pay private doctors and hospitals to do the work.  va is proof positive socialized healthcare can't work.
1,i got bad news for everyone:  the va still blows.  i called trump's va hotline they got people from my local va to call me i asked that i be sent out for care since the clinic couldn't see me for a bit.  they told me "well that clinic has to put in the request for you to be sent out."  call that clinic back they not only say they don't want to but they don't even know how to. you'd have to burn the entire system down for it to improve.  trump would have to be president for 4 or 5 terms and fire everyone working in management for anything to improve.  i don't  think many of you have any idea how badly entrenched the filth is at the va.
1,if trump fixed it it ain't broken!
1,were here to repeal and replace.
1,so sad we can't use this woman's name to post.  even her name is a democrat killing word.
1,ha now she has to decide if she wants to side with him on this or change her thought
1,dems are so obsessed with aocs crazy eyes and hooker lipstick that they dont realize shes a complete dingbat.
1,aoc: " i was talking about the veterinarian association"....you know the docs that take care of the bow wows and meow meows."
1,the only way a post regarding the bitch doesn't get shadowed on this domreddit!!
1,breadline bernie was chairman of the senate committee on veteran's affairs.  what did he to to fix the va?
1,my dad can attest that the va is pure dog shit
1,oh my god our president is the greatest troll in the world.
1,oh no he mentioned her. fuck why?????
1,i dont think he should have went to go as far as to say it isnt broken im sure hes making strides to fix it but its still broken.
1,congrats aoc you've been acknowledged on geotus twitter! welcome to the big leagues 
1,the va sucks and anyone asking for the govt to run our healthcare industry is an idiot.  its no coincidence that the europeans are cowed into allowing mass immigration and why callimg someone 'racist' is so powerful over there.
1,the va is garbage. the va should be a healthcare referral service not a provider.
1,even a broken clock is right once a day.
1,it was very nice of her to point this out even though shes to dumb to know what she did
1,the va is 1000% more responsive to veterans these days (including private health augmentation) it really is a sea change in attitude under president trump's administration.
1,"president trump deserves ~~a lot of~~all of the credit."
1,wellif the va ain't broke it sure as shit was not anything aoc did.
1,as a veteran i second this. the va is different now than it was in 2016
1,shes always stepping in it. bless her dumb ass!
1,how do we have three veteran suicides inside the va in 5 days and a couple weeks later say the va is doing great?
1,lol aoc will be seething after reading this...
1,i'd still prefer it if the loosened the requirements to buy into tricare for vets. would generate resources for the system too
1,i couldn't believe how many fox pundits followed this story---trying to prove aoc wrong--"but it is broken blah blah blah" . they took her bait.  potus is right--he's done/is doing more for the va than any other administration!
1,not just a brain surgeon...a pediatric and neonatal brain surgeon. he has successfully performed brain surgery on babies still in the womb! he is a genius and a savior of babies.
1,choose greatness! 
1,i love sleepy doc.  remember when trump hung out with him backstage at the debate because he didn't get his name called?  that moment forged a great relationship. asshole jeb just pushes them out of the way.
1,isnt it hilarious that blacks show no love for this brilliant man but view a nasty butch like beyonc as a hero.
1,if you have a library near you if you can read and you can think you can educate yourself
1,i pass by the school in detroit he's named after on my way to the eastern market all the time. it's a goddamn shame the city wants to rename it.
1,ben carson is concrete proof the american dream is live and well. you can grow up with a single mother that can't read become the best pediatric brain surgeon in the world and go on to help the president make america great again. i'm sure it was just all his white privilege though wonder what his favorite book is? he would be a great candidate for an ama.
1,so reading books is better than selling drugs?
1,he looks like such a kind person.
1,this is what a leader looks like. success doesn't depend on what color you are on the outside success depends on what is on the inside of a person.
1,success is 1% inspiration and 99%perspiration. success is colourblind but it sees effort and willpower. work maketh the man.
1,now this is maga.  no excuses full speed ahead.  now he is cleaning up a federal agency that has been a bastion of corruption for ages.
1,look up his interview when he talks about democrats threatening to bring an illegitimate child of his to the press. as he says he laughed at them(the only woman he ever had sex with was his wife) and said if they had a real kid he would love to meet up.
1,not only a neurosurgeon but one who pioneered new procedures and research.
1,the power of not believing you are a victim. and things were 100x worse for blacks when carson was a boy. that is the most corrosive part of leftism telling little children they cannot achieve greatness on their own because of institutional racism or sexism. the message should be yeah there are racists but don't waste your time on them just strive for excellence look at all the success stories. no i can't. just how do i?
1,fine looking scholar no homo
1,... i think sleepy doctor is an attractive man...
1,he even has a great movie about his life called [gifted hands](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/gifted_hands:_the_ben_carson_story). i highly recommend everyone see it.
1,dr. carson said that his mother used to make her children write book reports.  she pretended to read the reports.  he never realized that his mother was illiterate until he was an adult. it shows that good parenting is in the relationship and structure not in the amount of resources.  god bless mrs. carson!
1,remember kids. having fun isn't hard when you've got a library card!
1,these are the characteristics one should look up to not those of the jesters dancing for us in hollywood and media.
1,as the uncf would say "a mind is a terrible thing to waste"
1,we have so much respect for dr. carson we are blessed to have him serve in trump's administration 
1,good dude right there.
1,i've gotten as far in life as i have for similar reasons.  we were broke but my mother chose to emphasize education over falling into the traps of the neighborhood i grew up in.  some of my fondest most peaceful memories of my youth are from my local library and i can still remember the sounds of my footsteps echoing in one of the vaulted chambers.  that reminds me i need to make a donation to them soon.
1,it's always weird to remember that sleepy ben is actually like one of the world's best surgeons.
1,did somebody give him 'white privilege' or something? i was told wp is the determining factor wether or not someone will succeed in this country.
1,*as a pioneer in neurosurgery carson's achievements include performing the only successful separation of conjoined twins joined at the back of the head; performing the first completely successful separation of type-2 vertical craniopagus twins; developing new methods to treat brain-stem tumors; and reviving hemispherectomy techniques for controlling seizures. he became the youngest chief of pediatric neurosurgery in the country at age 33. he has received more than 60 honorary doctorate degrees dozens of national merit citations and written over 100 neurosurgical publications. in 2008 he was bestowed the presidential medal of freedom the highest civilian award in the united states.*https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ben_carson stable genius.
1,i love those tough mothers.  and she probably insisted he speak intelligently too.
1,is this how the phrase "exception that proves the rule" works. i always took it to mean that if it wasn't unique you wouldn't be able to point it out.  so the fact that it stands out shows that the rule holds?
1,ben carson is an american success story.  he is an inspiration not just to those who grew up in poverty but to everyone regardless of circumstance.  the usa may be the first and only country where this kind of success is possible. the left is afraid of ben carson.  he shows that impoverished people can pull themselves up and do not need to be dependent on the government.  they try their hardest to label him a moron and i hope americans can see through it. thanks for sharing this!
1,if only he had some opportunity in life....gosh.
1,i have enormous amount of respect for dr. carson.
1,i really recommend his book "gifted hands" he's amazing.
1,this is what i do to my kids. also include math. my six year old does multiplication fractions and division. he is also raised weary of people who tell him what he should think about things
1,look at my african american over there look at him! isn't he amazing!
1,trump is way better though
1,never underestimate the power of opportunity and education. wish all mothers were like sonya.
1,thanks to those damn socialist public libraries!
1,the library is a great system.
1,no foreigners needed. american minds are the best
1,#the best things in life are free#support your local library#visit the ocean
1,and to think the democrats just want to throw more money at education; howabout we sit down with our kids and make them read books. &#x200b;worked for him!
1,why does it have to be an american mind
1,no fuck you guys! socialism is the answer!
1,why is this wholesome story being used to support an asshat that has nothing to do with him?
1,libraries are socialist and need to be abolished.  the free market can do better.  idk why my tax dollars are going towards educating poor blacks when i have poor white kids of my own to educate.  my carson is a good man and all but public libraries are socialist.
1,and yet you people are against the very taxes that kept that library open.
1,libraries are socialist. to this propaganda i say no thank you!
1,yet the only black success story they teach children is the peanut man gwc. everything else is repression and the evil white man.
1,most urban mothers let rap lyrics raise their children these days. sad.
1,donald trump was born on third base and acts like he hit a triple
1,but i thought rags to riches was impossible?
1,god bless ben. he and his upbringing are a model for us all.
1,damn! that's tiger mom level of mothering.
1,if you share my values you are the same as me. reading is liberating everyone should pick up a book now and again.
1,social justice memes are the worst - is anything on this meme true?2 books a week? married at 13? is that even ben carson?
1,im confused hoe someone can read two books a week normally takes me a few to get through a good book even reading 50 pages a day
1,ben carson is exactly the type of person the left would want to abort. the child of a single black mother in poverty with other children already. don't let the left stop the ben carson's of the world from living life.
1,why does the left hate the idea of people becoming something better than they currently are with such a passion?
1,yeah but he's a christian sooooo... checkmate drumph
1,wow. that's actually amazing.
1,derp! hes an exception! under the right lighting he looks white thats why he escaped institutionalized racism! derp!!!
1,never underestimate the power of an american mother.
1,this is so true... you cannot *make* anyone into a success; they have to do it themselves. you can make opportunities available you can support all of the self-help initiatives you want to; but you can never educate someone into success they do not want or are not willing to work towards.
1,i wanted ben carson to win the primaries tbh. but i can wait for 2024
1,didn't hurt that a rich guy gave him a leg up to help pay for college.
1,who should have been the first black president
1,don't underestimate the library card either.
1,god damn i love this country
1,proof positive that your history does not determine your future.  as americans we have the wonderful opportunity to achieve above our "cast" something many many nations do not permit. democrats are dying to falling over themselves to force a cast system on this nation that says "if you are black you are in the black cast and your opportunity and outcome is dictated by that".  they don't want your success to be yours to enjoy they don't want you to risk failure - they just want drones. republicans believe that an individual is allowed to succeed or fail on his or her own merits and should enjoy the fruits of their success or take responsibility for their failures. there's an army of degenerates angry millennial losers baby murderers and other criminals that deeply believe that they can never succeed.  they have been convinced deep down that the american dream is a lie and their chances at a good life are dead.  msm reinforces this nihilistic worldview too.  the only option that they believe is "taking" what they want that means stealing or voting in politicians that will legalize theft on their behalf.
1,a black man that didn't follow the victimism script became successful and on top of that is a man of faith. i bet many on the left hate him more than anything else.
1,the way the left treats ben carson disgusts me. all they see is a black republican. this man should be a pioneer for the black community. what the power of learning can unlock. no matter your lot in life. nope. hes ridiculed & insulted on the constant.
1,i had a job in a high school for a while where i chatted with a teacher regularly at lunch usually about game of thrones.  got pretty turned off when he admitted to me that he tells his minority students they don't have a chance 'cause the system is rigged against them and hard work is just a waste of their effort.&#x200b;then you look at ben carson.  many people are alive today i wager because he wasn't infected with that message.
1,thats crazy. ben carson treated me for my concussion when i was 5.. i dont remember him but my parents say he was very nice and informative
1,of course he is ignored and detested.. same as how they treat clarence thomas.
1,train your mind first. then your body.  express positivity to others and do not seek any in return. live this habitually.
1,i remember hearing she had him write book reports and hand them in to her despite her not being able to read.
1,yep america where even the people at the lowest point on the economical totem pole can reach up and pull themselfs to the top regardless of skin color race or genetic heritage. america fuck yea 
1,also dont forget his brother is an aerospace engineer
1,and liberals will claim he is oppressive because he is successful. such a shame.
1,it is important to include another aspect of ben carson's life the deep faith he learned from his mother as well as a work eithic.  i finished his biography recently and it blew my mind
1,a successful black person smiling... twitter would flag this as sensitive content.
1,i love capitalism
1,can we all take a moment to question why his mother got married at 13?  excuse me wtf.
1,this is the differnce between those who have the victim mentality and those who have the american spirit .
1,this is why america stays winning!
1,hope he runs for president one day!
1,democrats want to keep african-americans poor and stupid. its been their motto for centuries. they dont want aas to think for themselves or become successful because then they will realize that republicans have the best interests for all americans.
1,this kind of illuminates a problem a lot of people have today.  they don't understand that the progress they make isn't necessarily reflected in their lifetime but in the lifetimes of their children.  they want it to be better *now* and for themselves.
1,reading is acting white.  /s
1,being a poor parent is no excuse for being a poor parent.
1,i thought reddit was changing when this post came up in my feed and got excited. i was actually sad to see that t_donald posted this and not another sub reddit :/no other page would ever post something like this
1,knowledge is and should be free. what you do with it is up to you.
1,ben carson was my first choice - this amazing man has dine so much for americans and america - and i thank god donald trump is his president too!!
1,disturbing how many democrats strongly downvote posts with successful black folks.
1,you can tell he has a kind christian heart.
1,the crazy thing is that liberals hate everything about ben carson.  
1,i really hope carson runs again when trump is done in 2024. he is a great man who has spent his entire life trying to help people and im sure he would do great things for this country. the left would have a very hard time trying to make him look bad.
1,not just a brain surgeon. one of the best brain surgeons in america of his day.
1,dr. carson is an incredible success story and he is an incredible doctor.  he was absolutely right when he said we need more people from different walks if life to run the government and not just lawyers. his biggest weakness (if you want to call it that) during his campaign run was that he was just too nice of a person.
1,this is exactly the kind of bigoted content i'd expect from this white supremacist sub.
1,damn i hate hearing all this about the parents in rags to riches story. if youre going to say raised in poverty by an illiterate mother with only a third grade education at least throw in a who loved him more than life. some adult figure had to teach him just how to be even though most of it was on his own.
1,i mean iq is like 75-80% hereditary but this is still a nice story
1,fuckin handsome son of a bitch he is. go ben carson
1,if you haven't read his books i highly recommend it. i've personally read *gifted hands* and *one nation*.
1,yeah but because hes conservative hes a white nationalist bigot.
1,that woman deserves a medal! that's what i call a role model (not someone in ugly women's dresses posing as  a first lady).
1,the power of libraries!
1,such an inspiration i'm still so happy that trump appointed him as hud secretary! he truly deserved it!
1,this brought a tear to my eye. the free world of the usa is truly an amazing place. thank you for sharing!
1,"but momma i'm dumb!"-ben carson *gifted hands*
1,the system clearly is holding this man back from being a heart surgeon too.  if only he weren't so oppressed.
1,i had a hard time figuring out the outline of that child's head on the far right. sounds weird but i thought it was a dog in a shirt because her hair looked like ears.
1,thats what hard work can do! great woman who raised a great man. the power of family!
1,he is inspirational
1,u thung uz iz bettah dan me cuzz u reed  ~~a~~ ~~book?~~
1,and yes you fucking lurking lazy libtards. this is a bootstraps story. go to work.
1,never underestimate the power of publicly funded schools and libraries.
1,maybe trump should pick up a book or two also
1,future president right there. sleepy ben has awoken!
1,he should have picked up a book about evolution or geology but good enough i guess.
1,just shut the border down we have a 900 billion dollar a year military and somehow can't keep people from just walking over? we need to stop acting gullible dems want you and your family replaced by the third world while you pay for it. it basically slavery but this time its the fear of being deported that will make them loyal dem voters. when you have a captured voting base (see african americans) you're not accountable to anyone and things turn to shit (see detroit baltimore chicago every californian city etc)&#x200b;nothing else matters till we stop illegal immigration
1,but have they sent 418000 illegals back across the border?
1,half a million!? pfft thats not a crisis... call me when its serious-every cucked leftist ever
1,>418000 plus illegal immigrants wow. seriously. i had no idea it was this bad. almost half a million people apprehended in less than months and the msm and dems act like it's no big deal and that even *mentioning* it is racist. this is madness.
1,too bad that they just get released in the usa due to congresses laws.
1,how many of those got released into the country though?
1,they are acting mr. president. this is their plan. flood the nation with non-citizens that they will allow to vote. arrest every single mayor city council member governor and member of congress that advocate for this lawlessness and open borders. they are in violation of their oaths of office. federalize their districts until we get this under control. they are direct threats to our nation. they are subverting our laws. this must end.
1,mexico cant cooporate. they are controlled by the cartels.
1,and by "apprehended" he means released into our country thanks to our ridiculous immigration laws.  national crisis!
1,we love you mr. president!
1,apprehended means escorted to the nearest community receiving center.
1,doesnt mean shit if we are just gonna release them right after.
1,the real question is what is done after those illegals are apprehended. sadly many are released or given some kinda joke hearings instead of being just thrown out of the country.
1,... but once they're apprehended they're still just released into the country...
1,i would be happier about this number if they weren't just being brought into the us and set loose after 3 weeks.
1,so that's another half-million illegal aliens released into the usa. not good at all.
1,so blessed to have this guy president.
1,trump really tried so hard for the american people.
1,trump has done everything he can. 9th circuit keeps screwing with exec orders.
1,just shut down the border mr. president. mexico will never cooperate unless us dollars stop flowing into their country.
1,apprehended cloing in on half a million and we're only about 1/3 through the year.  now think about how many they weren't able to apprehend.  wtf??? how can anyone not call this a crisis? plus of course even those apprehended aren't being immediately sent packing which is how it should be.
1,it just seems so sensible. why dems in congress are allowed to twist these kinds of statements into some kind of racist hatred of brown people is beyond me.  that's half a million illegal immigrants! no civilized country should ever tolerate that
1,stop money from going to mexico. shut the border down. mexico is mocking us!
1,democrats are complicit in treason.
1,418k but democrats said there is no crisis??? 
1,that's almost as many illegal immigrants as the population of wyoming. imagine an entire state getting deported.
1,why is apprehended in caps? oh...
1,the demonkkk rats sponsored invasion of america should have stopped in 2016. america's future is not going to be american. it will be a future shithole if we keep importing shithole cultures.
1,> ~~dems~~ obstructionists in congress must ~~act now~~ stop working against america!
1,so a group larger than the entire population of new orleans was apprehended this year alone? how anyone could think this is a ok is beyond me.
1,thats approaching the entire population of wyoming the least populated state in the union. half a million people is a insane number.
1,holy fuck that's more than the population of most nonmajor cities.
1,but we still release thousands of illegals onto our streets every day..
1,i want to know how many of those were released inside the us. that number should be 0 but for some reason it's not.
1,why would they want to stop something that increases their power?
1,i could see the left arguing now... "w e d on't n ee d a wa ll i f b or der pa tro l i s b ei ng mo re p ro du cti ve!"
1,they sound overworked to me. build the wall.
1,now that we've captured these people we need to setup a border around all sanctuary states and then drop these people off en masse and watch the chaos
1,dems will not act quit saying it!!! punish mexico immediately!!!
1,question. i'be looked some but all i can get are apprehension numbers. what are the estimates of those not apprehended that get through. what is the rough total attempting to illegally enter?
1,maybe pelosi was hoping to house all 418000 in her mansions because they are all such good doctors and not criminals whatsoever.
1,so far this year. wtf. and i'd imagine they probably miss about half of then. during the last recession a lot of them went back.
1,the only thing dems care about is imaginary kids in cages because it means they don't have to do anything about it but it still feeds their supporters blind hatred for trump.
1,sessions is building a case
1,i love how he's telling them how to succeed but they won't do anything because of their tds.
1,they aren't going to stop their illegal voters
1,our border patrol agents are heroes! thank you for supporting them every step of the way mr. president!
1,once a secure southern border is established it could make a potential war on mexican corruption and cartels easier for our military and safer for our civilians.
1,a coup? all of our military supports trump! that's never going to happen.
1,democrats are against every form of self-defense which is the most basic right a person can have.
1,the stupidity is just exhausting.
1,hillary belongs in a jail cell!!!  so does eric holder and loretta lynch the lying obama team!.  stay safe and god bless our president trump!
1,liberals are giving trump a free re-election.
1,"stop resisting our ~~rapes and murders~~ *enrichment*!"
1,is part of the liberal illness having no self-awareness?  do they know how ridiculous they sound? how is defending yourself against the most vile false allegations obstructing justice?  it is obstructing injustice.  let them carry on digging and digging.  it all fuels trumps 2020 campaign.
1,they keep questioning trumps sanity while putting aoc in the limelight and thats supposed to trigger a coup? sure.
1,couldn't be more perfect.
1,obstruction requires you to impede due justice. the due justice here was a "no collusion" result from the special counsel and potus knew the truth the whole time! he got people out of the way who were actively sabotaging the truth. so actually. acceleration of justice.
1,branco is a better political cartoonist than ben garrison. change my mind.
1,branco is the best political cartoonist.
1,trump should be saying ..."i fart in your general direction..."
1,that's what i tell the poop in my husband's love hole when it gets in the way of my manhood
1,enemies foreign and domestic aka traitors.
1,anyone who is stlll shouting obstruction is either a shill or doesn't have an objective bone in their body.
1,"you post on t_d!!  reeeeee!"(bolsheviks attempting coup)
1,being the chief law enforcement officer president tump is using his "prosecutorial discretion" when it comes to the investigation on collusion.  he uniquely knew all along that it was false and therefore he and he alone could never obstruct justice.
1,i literally do not understand their cry for impeaching him. he's been in power for three years just wait one more damn year and actually win the elections.
1,if hrc obama or comey ever are in hand cuffs you'll hear a whooo hooo coming from the sw like never before. these corrupt fucks!
1,these people are absolutely pathetic.
1,this is inaccurate. the head should be up the ass.
1,coup obstruction confirmed!
1,why are you hitting yourself?
1,the democrats' head banging into a wall. iswydt.
1,this is one of the most dangerous times in modern american politics and the democrats just casually just keep pushing towards the apocalypse. do they actually think that people will let them impeach trump without a fight?
1,for retweeting https://twitter.com/afbranco/status/1121039794090340352
1,they should be holding a giant dick
1,fuck off radical libatards!
1,funny.  i object when the state (government) attempts to hinder ones ability to state or prove their innocence.  same with the gag order for r. stone.   trump was trying to stop a fraudulent investigation which seems more like trying to achieve justice than obstruct it.   it should not be a crime to stop a crime.
1,we are going to take you down no matter how innocent you are!!!
1,geotus needs to build a wall around the white house for safety
1,lefties upset that trump may have but didn't obstruct the illegal coup. it's called fighting back.
1,i can say that most people in my unit are trump supporters a coup wont happen on my watch!!
1,reminds me of when a totally motionless person is laying on the floor as cops beat the shit out of them yelling at them to stop resisting
1,friggin walls with a big door!
1,the dems are traitors. not just the politicians either. every single person throughout the us who still supports and votes for dems today is complicit with them. whether it's a conscious decision or not they hate everything we believe in and are doing their best to see we're outnumbered by the illegals and undeserving to ensure the gop will never have a political voice again and that they can institute a de facto socialist dictatorship that is the exact opposite of what our founding fathers intended. traitors. this needs to be emphasized more. we need to reframe how we view all the people who support dems.
1,not obstructing our attempts to frame you for obstruction is obstruction. checkmate drumpftards!
1,i mean it's true r/politics is basically on suicide watch they all seem to think the sdny is their savior. it's very interesting to watch.
1,remember we control all your resources in the flyover states.
1,why are all the guys in the comic white!? but they're carrying the obama logo...?! just put that fag in there!
1,[president trump and the first lady deliver remarks at the rx drug abuse & heroin summit](https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/bgx2y4/president_trump_and_the_first_lady_deliver/?sort=confidence)
1, honestly im fine with some drugs. marijuana mushrooms lsd etc. can be useful and beneficial in certain circumstances. but all that hard shit needs to go.
1,#wtf i love drug abuse now~leftists
1,im against drug abuse as much as the next guy especially the opiates. that being said my own neurochemisty is my god given sovereign territory and ill be damned if i ever acquiese to another individual or a government for that matter the ability to tell me when how and with what substances i can operate my brain. as long as im not operating machinery nor engaging in actions that may put any undue constraint or damage upon my neighbors keep your governance out of my brain and out my business.
1,i love this president  **so much.**
1,that was a damn good speech. he obviously wants to help all americans and if you want a red pill for someone show them the speech he just gave.
1,if the republican party ran on the platform that they would federally unschedule marijuana under the banner of states rights we would drive a stake through the heart of the democrat party. no one except boomers cares about the war on drugs.
1,on that note please decriminalize/legalize/reclassify cannibas. if for nothing than the votes gained. it needs to be done.
1,wouldn't it be **hilarious** if trump retweeted one of cher's tweets?
1,legalize all drugs. government shouldnt be our health nanny.
1,r/politics -trump asks government to serve fentanyl in kids sandwiches.
1,seeing the comments - how about not being addict drones at all? legalizing drugs will solve shit illegal market will be there same as now you cannot expect drug addicts pushers and dealers to obey the law. sure some felonies will go. yupee!
1,ive lost two cousins to drugs both were young when they died. both started with opioids for injuries; one was a vet. i was thinking i know im not the only one whose family has experienced something like this and i wonder if theres anyone who hasnt had a family member friend or even themselves experienced the scourge of addiction.
1,hard drug free america*****
1,it'll never happen. humans have been experimenting with drugs since they were discovered and they're not going to stop nor should they. the government should simply quit classifying most of the chemicals they have scheduled as illicit drugs. i'm not saying people should be able to scoop up heroin whenever they please at the corner store but it's really unfair to jail people for possessing hallucinogens or marijuana. they're not hurting anyone not even themselves. until alcohol is prohibited it doesn't make sense to prohibit the vast majority of chemicals. it's pretty evident by now that alcohol is one of the most dangerous abused substances out there and no one seems to mind it being sold in every store across america. it's hypocritical and completely unjust to those who are behind bars right now but less harmful substances.
1,"drug free america"--that better not include alcohol (a drug) or sex (a drug) otherwise i'm off the trump train.
1,**sad thing is:**   **somewhere someone is shooting them up with drugs saying "take that drumf"**
1,as someone who has smoked weed crack meth done cocaine mushrooms everything pretty much except heroin i would say legalizing weed should be the first priority.  shrooms need some study but also lsd and both show potential to help people with depression and other ailments.  crack is directly correlated to coke so if you deal with the coke you deal with the crack.  meth unfortunately would be much harder to get rid of.  my 2 cents.
1,honestly this is probably his most dangerous tweet.  he is directly pushing back against drug manufacturers (and illegal drug trade sponsors) who have hands in a lot of pockets... maybe even more dangerous then exposing the fbi/cia 0bama justice department collusion and the deep state.  many doctors have been killed in some very questionable circumstances for exposing drug companies political ties and skewed "research" studies... god bless our great dr. president trump!
1,that should include marijuana fuck the bullshit. it's for losers.
1,the president just accused the mexican military of collaborating with drug traffickers. cut diplomatic relations with mexico they are a hostile power with no respect for us sovereignty.
1,##**better not happen again!**
1,the fact we send our military on missions without being armed is outrageous
1,i was waiting for this. fuck mexico now.
1,time to declare that cartels are terrorist organizations.  enough!!
1,when a foreign army pulls weapons on american soldiers on american soil there should be only one response.
1,perhaps these were the drug smugglers the mexican soldiers were causing a distraction for? https://youtu.be/-5-pxjckacc
1,mexico is a failed state and is colluding with criminals and terrorists.  they've lost any ability to be our ally.  we need to close the entire mexican border permanently.
1,not enough.  you need to change the roe deploy in force and provide adequate coverage of forces via direct and indirect fires and a qrf. mexicos army is shit.  back in the day they sent an officer to my class at the armor officer basic course despite mexico not having any tanks.  he was a nice guy but probably a little slow meaning slow in the way you describe your cousins kid with the helmet.
1,> mexicos soldiers recently pulled guns on our national guard soldiers how in the fuck is this not seen as act of war?
1,thanks mexico for upping the ante. this gives us a reason to get real.
1,mexico is a nacro state its an example of what happens when you let organized crime reach catastrophic levels. when the cartels are better equipped than the military there and have bought out all levels of government what to you do? when someone attempt change they and their family disappear. doesn't matter if they are a mayor or a head of state there. i vote wall up the entire border as the cartels in addition communicate and work with local gangs in the u. s [to attempt the same shit](https://www.al.com/news/huntsville/2018/08/mariah_lopez_oralia_mendoza.html).
1,is this real life? please say yes! close the boarder!
1,when he says it better not happen again do you believe him? do you think mexico believes him? now contrast that with (insert dem candidate here). would they believe kamala harris or pete butty or che sanders? its laughable.
1,thank you for telling us president trump! thank you for being transparent and treating us like the intelligent adults we are.
1,why should soldiers have less gun rights than regular citizens.  they should be armed.  they are professionals.
1,mxico is not a country and it does not have a government in the way we use those words. mxico is a loose federation of regions that have little or nothing to do with the modern geographic boundaries of the mexican "states." the real divisions are much older derived from the royal land grants or "ttulos de castillo" given by the crown to the original nobles who got first dibs on land in the new world. these grants have been further divided down the years into haciendas and so forth but they have never left the family. the old money hacendado families rule and form factions among and against each other and these arrangements are constantly shifting. they also transcend national borders as the same families have holdings in multiple nations on the continent. this explains the coordination between all the "countries" on the migrant caravans. the mexican president is whatever figurehead these families permit. the legislature does their bidding. they own everything including all major businesses the cartels and the army. this is how latin america works. latin american "countries" are not countries. they are feudal states like the old countries of pre-wwi europe. so if mexican army were at the border it is likely they were escorting narcos human traffickers smugglers or all three.
1,https://youtu.be/s2zjg78ay4i.... is what we as patriots should be saying...
1,does anyone remember the trolls here who were saying that mexico drawing weapons on us soldiers on us soil "was an accident" and that mexico was "really really sorry" lol
1,close the fucking border. deploy tanks apaches and armed soldiers with live ammo.
1,and we have troops in europe. makes no sense. give us companies fair warning like may 5th and then shut down the border for a year with reassessment at that time.
1,id rather fund a wall of shoulder-to-shoulder **marines** than the obstructionist losers in congress who refuse to fund border structures  and reform our dumb ass laws
1,its time to go hard with mexico close the bordersend tanks
1,the mexican army is working for the drug cartels. they got the drop on those weekend warriors and allowed a large drug shipment to make it into the us.
1,if mexico knows what's good for them they better get their shit straight.
1,how bout don nut up and close the fucking border already? im all for calling mexico out on their bullshit but actions speak louder than words.
1,he affects the world with his tweets.
1,they pointed guns at our boys? thats an act of war.
1,this is a bigger deal than what the media is making it. the mexicans just gave trump a legit causus beli to militarize the border.(edit: i hate incorrect)
1,idea. we conquer mexico and build the wall at their southern borders. it would be a much smaller wall meaning we could make it much taller too.
1,article iv section 4:    > the united states shall guarantee to every state in this union a republican form of government **and shall protect each of them against invasion**... texas was **invaded** by a foreign military which the us government has the *duty* to repel.
1,about time am i right? lets knock this issue out before it gets too big to stop.
1,fuck around and find out - president trump
1,the mexican police and military along with most positions of power are bought and paid for by the cartels. trump is right. next time no surrender.
1,trump is finally saying what all of us have been thinking. mexico doesnt want none of this. we could fuck them up beyond recognition in minutes if we had to. if they want to avoid conflict with us they shouldnt be aiding refugees with their invasion. mexico needs us a lot more than we need them.
1,#close the fucking border!!!!! how is this not a blatant act of war? pressure from corporate america is the only reason the border is being left open american lives are being put at risk because of the rampant consumerism that has consumed this country. fuck corporate america close the damn border. my vote for 2020 depends solely on concrete progress i.e. actual militarized border security to counter the literal invasion(like israel) and mass deportations to reverse the demographic shift. if neither happen i refuse to vote.
1,it was a deterrent to aid drug smugglers.
1,level the five closest mexican 'military' installations to where that incident occurred. lots of usaf units in the southwest need regular bombing practice.
1,jesus in only a week weve seen a massive terrorist attack on christians being white-washed to adhere to a narrative multiple democratic presidential nominees give full throated support for the boston marathon bomber regaining his voting rights and now mexican cartels colliding with their military dictating our borders and national security.  this gets scarier every day.
1,i still remember the alamo.
1,fuck it annex mexico!
1,we did put up a border fence the solders were on the mexican side even though it was us territory. that means the immigrants don't even need to cross the fence to claim assylum on us soil.
1,fuck yes.  i wish he had mentioned it was on us soil though.
1,war with mexico? lets do it close the border completely it will be short!
1,close the border immediately. an incursion into our territory to engage our servicemen? wars have started over far less a slight. shut it down.
1,this occurred on us soil i might add. an act of war?
1,is he actually sending soldiers? i hope so. how many and when? lets see some action
1,fuck mexico change my mind
1,the border should have been shut down years ago. fuck mexico. reconquistadors can eat lead.
1,im so glad he responded to this incident. i think he was just waiting til he had all the details. this can not happen again. i appreciate him tying up loose ends here before his uk trip.
1,its like trump knows his presidency is a one time deal (though a 2 term endeavour) to correct a lot of things other presidents dare not touch even if they did support it privately. even if he has to steamroll over topics. this is exactly what the ppl elected him to do. not be a politician.  work for america. us.
1,how many retarded leftists will fail to appreciate the gravity of what the president of these united states just told us? probably all of them.
1,i would've shot those mexican soldiers dead if they tried to detain me on my own soil.  let's have a fucking war.
1,since this happened 50 feet north of the rio grande i'm pretty sure even mexican soliders know than the river is a border and where they were. this shit had better not happen again.
1,i want to know what the roe is.
1,i mean common why would mexico do anything. they are doing what they can to protect their own southern border but they dont care much for their northern border. so we have to take it upon ourselves. take armed forces on active military duty and station them on border.
1,america is sending bigger guns down to the border to backup our already secured border.  damnit mexico we defended that border in past history and if you think for a moment that we won't continue to protect it.  that is your mistake!!
1,are those krassensteins paid to tweet at him i swear thats all they do constantly.
1,leftoid freaks want war with mexico tons of easy to get photos and videos of.....drum roll please.... bleeding crying children for headline prpoaganda purposes#trump golfs amid crying bleeding hispanic children
1,brilliant play. now mexico risks international incident.
1,aaaaawwww yeah i've been waiting for this how many states should we turn mexico into? i was thinking like 8-10
1,fuck the mexican government. sucks for those trying to live a normal life but yeah we dont need their help. yes i am hispanic my parents came to the us the right way! keep america great
1,my very liberal friend keeps send me articles about there not being a crisis at the border. yea ok.
1,if us soldiers crossed the border into mexico and forcibly disarmed their men at gunpoint the liberal lunatic left (the lll) would be having an absolute shit fit about it demanding they be prosecuted and tried on international war crimes charges.
1,how exactly is this not an act of war?
1,why wouldn't military be armed in the first place? do they think squirt guns will work against criminals?
1,i'm not happy we are sending troops out in a position where they can be vulnerable. what happened to the standard american military doctrine of overwhelming force? pull guns on our troops and we need to pull an apache on them.
1,god i love our president more and more everyday.  this man is teddy roosevelt reincarnate
1,anyone got the details on what went down? hearing that mexican troops drew guns and disarmed two american soldiers?
1,who are these krassencucks and why do they always have the top reply to president trump tweets?
1,every single branch of government every single faucet of government - from the police to the army to the politicians - are corrupt. this isn't news to either side the right or left. mexico needs to get their shit straight or ask for help. honestly i think the best thing for both mexico and america would be for the us to "clean up" their country; and i don't say that lightly as someone opposed to almost every war the us has been in.
1,mexico fuuuuuuuckin uuuuup again!!! when does the old fuck bernando sandero come into leadership?
1,as soon as i scroll down on twitter i get instant "peach mints" 
1,fuck yes!!! i was hoping he would chime in here.
1,this isn't the first time mexico has done very shady shit like this.  i remember many years back they had mexican military "accidentally" fly a helicopter illegally into american territory.
1,shut the border immediately.
1,how to solve the problem:build the wall (obviously)patrol the entire border with drones armed with tear gas canisters parachute flares and of course lots of surveillance equipment. arrest penalize deport anyone attempting to cross illegally. if they try again they will be subject to imprisonment. don't trust the mexican government to do anything about the problem because it isn't a problem for them.
1,for every one soldier involved in this """incident""" fire a cruise missile at mexico city. see if they pull this shit ever again.
1,if they try to disarm our troops again - our troops should open fire. fuck that shit.
1,sounds like a obama red line in the sand to me. is the same obama military commanders that allowed iran to capture  our crying sailors and held them for ransom still running the show?
1,"mexicos soldiers" *cartel soldiers* ftfy
1,im loving how people in my fb feed are saying theres no proof!  and then i get to paste a link to cnn a few days ago of an article describing mexican soldiers detaining and disarming us soldiers on the us side of the border and watching them have to play immediate mental gymnastics
1,its always been so curious to me that people will cheer and applaud an investigation into trump leaving no stone un-turned in order to discover the possible dealings between him and foreign actors when hillary had an open air bribery scheme that operated for years that didnt even bother hiding its deep profound and nefarious connections to the very same foreign actors. weird.
1,hillary is going down.
1,his name was seth rich.
1,she's the last one that should be saying that. painting a nice target on her back for trump
1,yay the shoe returns! and the 'rape' next to bill oof good show ben good show.
1,ben garrison: releases new comic me: find hillary's shoe!
1,whenever you see hillary sitting in a comfortable chair on some stage somewhere answering questions the fake news always says she was invited to talk at some bullshit whatever.  what they don't tell you is that her organization put together that entire bullshit whatever every question was written by her and the whole reason they staged that bullshit whatever was for her.  she pretends to be invited to things so it doesn't seem like she's hogging the attention.
1,whew i can smell her stench through my screen.
1,"if hillary is not held liable for her crimes then we know the deep state remains firmly in charge and running the show."it is long past time for indictments charges and jail-time for hillary and friends.
1,its the little touches like her skull necklace. well done.
1,he always draws her so much prettier than she is. i think he has a crush on her
1,its ok to be corrupt if you're democrat enough
1,what is the shoe? is that from when she got side of beefed into that van?
1,great cankles. so accurate.  everything about this person is unattractive.
1,i love your stuff keep up the good work!
1,hi ben! at the risk (honor) of being labeled a "q-tard" is this an intentional hidden q in [the tide has turned](http://magaimg.net/img/7ssh.jpg)? thanks for the great cartoons!
1,i love that ben always has killary without one shoe. cracks me up every time.
1,who is the one with satanism and whats his story?
1,haiti didn't make it in there
1,looks like her pantsuit is covered in the blood of seth rich
1,i thought the cankles were a nice touch.
1,hillary is the swamp!
1,hillary sometimes should just hush. she has many things that she should of been indicted on. but thankfully for her she had protection from the obama's fbi/doj.
1,hello mr. garrison! are you still banned from instagram? (i don't use that garbage so i wouldn't know).
1,their projection is actually a smart tactic. by hillary saying that anyone else would have been indicted she takes a criticism people were making of her and essentially neutralizes it. the democrats know that all they need to do is say the same things their opponents are saying and it will all sound like nonsense to their base. they are saying it but we are saying it too so i guess its a push. same reason they invented the trump foundation scandal when the clinton foundation was being exposed. even when brennan goes on tv for two years and says the president is a traitor its a smart move because he knows what hes done and what people will say. they will say treason. so if he gets out in front of it and says it first he essentially neutralizes that attack. now i dont think its really going to work because the evidence will probably settle things but strategically its still brennans best play.
1,thanks bg for including the shoe!
1,let's not forget all the dictators she's propped up who employ child soldiers.[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esa0al yzkb e](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esa0al yzkb e) clinton cash is what i show everyone who i want to redpill.
1,i love soros with the illuminati pyramid symbol also he's in a tree taking the form of an owl. bohemian grove / illuminati  / secret society pedos about to get btfo'd!
1,garrison is a stable genius too. 
1,lol!!!!! worst 0bama has a little pepe sitting on his head <3 <3 <3#shoe hunters ftw #maga
1,gotta be honest i don't really like garrison's style. his comics might persuade some low information people to look into the various words he is using but they don't ever really strike me as funny persuasive or interesting. i can't help but compare him to branco who puts out consistently funny political cartoons that i can't help but feel are ultimately much more persuasive.
1,obama colluded with foreign nations to influence our election. change my mind
1,#the centipede taunts its prey before striking
1,trump has been pushing oann a lot lately and has pointed out fox news fuckery.  follow his lead pedes.
1,five eyes and nato members along with the poroshenko regime were the real election meddlers
1,i hope you all understand just how huge this tweet is. the overton window continues to shift.
1,he knows.  the real foreign interference was british.  lousy islamist traitors.
1,theyre going to remain smug the same way before trump won. when it all comes smashing into their faces and they are stunned and in disbelief.
1,trump knows. he knew the whole time. traitors
1,damn this is a spicy tweet.
1,basically saying... yeah you got the story right.
1, this is why potus should cancel his trip to europe. those people are worse than the house democrats.
1,the momentum is building. i can't wait to watch these treasonous fuckers hang.
1,june 23 2016what happened on that day? brexit vote passed. that did two things:a) scared the shit out of the globalists that trump could ride similar nationalism / populism to victory despite overwhelming opposition in the media and politicians from both parties b) gave remainers in the british government a big incentive for hillary to win. crooked would have been able to easily force a second vote by withholding trade deals joint defense etc. it's also shortly after this date that all the russia stuff kicked off in earnest no? i always thought steele was just a lone wolf shill but now. pretty sure "remainers" in the british governement were involved. at the very least they must have known what the americans were up to.
1,# ***fucking finally***
1,this is right on the heels of his trip to the uk. dis gonna be good.
1,i love that he is giving shoutouts to @oann now that foxnews is becoming a pile of trash.
1,i wonder how difficult it's been for trump to not talk about this since he found out about it probably over 2 years ago.  interesting timing on him bringing up uk intelligence being involved the day after the state visit to the uk was announced...
1,we need to ask ourselves why foreign actors were used. it was to inject the russian collusion narrative into the official record: downer makes an official statement which causes the australian embassy to contact the fbi. this launches (officially) operation crossfire hurricane. also the steele dossier (foreign intel) is used to get a fisa warrant. why? because spying was already being performed through nsa database searches and the info was being disseminated raw/unredacted for the purpose of gathering dirt and intel on political foes. steele mifsud halper downer fusion gps are all the cover story. spying on their opponents had been going on for a long time. adm rogers shut it down and that's why you see them coming up with this stupid russian collusion scheme: to hide their massive crime.
1,the queen invited potus for an official visit june 3. i hope she gets an ear full.
1,la rouche was right! the british didnt just help obama  they initiated the coup attempt in late 2015 by warning brennan about trumps ties to russia. the queen must apologize in person to trump when he visits!
1,judge napolitano is a cucklord
1,the democrats are all going to be squirming like freshly salted snails after this tweet
1,"just a question of time before the truth comes out".  i'd like it to be today but i've waited patiently for years mr. president and trust your sense of timing!
1,if bill o'reilly and a few other people got together and started showing up on oan it would be awesome
1,glad to see vsgpotus watching oann.
1,we should sanction the uk and whoever else helped the same as we did russia. the real interference was the uk and australia
1,holy shit. watch the fleccas video with papa-d he was *dead* on. something big is coming.
1,r/trump winning as usual
1,#fveys [sing it loud ](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7yv ayijsszy)
1,say it with me:  treason.
1,uk 'pede here. to be fair to us obama put us in an impossible situation. when your much more powerful 'ally' leans heavily on you to do him a solid what are you supposed to do? do you think if we said no that we wouldn't have faced vengeful consequences from what everyone assumed was an incoming clinton administration that would ally with the eu against our interests with brexit on the horizon? that we wouldn't have been frozen out of crucial future intelligence sharing and trade deals? if you believe in america first you can't complain about the uk being put between a rock and a hard place and choosing britain first. we did what we felt benefitted us the most when cornered. it's not like we independently chose to spy on trump. we were asked/ordered/threatened to by a senior intelligence community partner. the real villain here is obama. he directed it all.
1,he fucking knows. he knows. i don't understand why they are slow rolling this information but i have to trust it's for a reason.
1,a beauty! it's just a matter of time boys.
1,i just have a feeling that queen elizabeth will die soon and the uk will have a new monarch. it's a hunch.
1,we should leave nato and form an alliance without the turks germans french or other flat out enemies in it. allow the brits if they follow through on brexit otherwise who the fuck needs an ally that's just another slave state in the european caliphate? the betrayal of some of these places (looking at you australia) hurts but we don't need them militarily. at all. if they wont make the proper heads roll we should cut them off militarily and take steps to make them suffer economically.
1,he knows. and soon you will too.
1,spin: uk is our greatest ally so no biggie. 
1,here we go! he's telling them all to get ready
1,if the left doesn't act out in a complete outrage this will be merely another example of their hypocrisy. we need to see them matching in the streets with pussy hats holding a fake obama severed head and music videos of obama getting shot...all before all the facts come out. it's only fair.
1,and what did crazy uncle joe know and when did he know it.  he was either part of it or an easily duped bystander.
1,funny how this slips into the news immediately after the uk visit is announced. remember the president knows it all and is waiting for (and helping) the nation to catch up.  i'd like to be a fly on the wall for the meeting with may. thank goodness for oann and the epoch times.
1,cbs news right now is telling me my vote doesn't count. if the democratic nominee doesn't win in 2020 it's because of russia. omg.
1,he's pissed. last time he was this pissed off he became president. don't underestimate geotus.
1,this is why he is meeting with the queen.
1,it's pretty hilarious how he's known all this for 2 years but keeps letting the left hang themselves then he acts surprised
1,lol he's known the truth since 2015 that's why he ran. he's gonna work them all up into a frenzy then drop the moab of moab's.
1,those following q have known this truth for at least a year. it's never too late to look and see the full terrible picture.
1,i think this is assanges big secret; that british and german governments worked with obama to sink trump. hate to use that over used word collusion...
1,i shouldn't but when this all comes out i am going to enjoy rubbing this in the faces of everyone who said "trump can't do anything they're all going to walk".
1,i knew it would take years to drain the swamp. it is being drained.
1,i haven't noticed a wow tweet in a while.  this one is a doozy.
1,#cnn: trump pushes conspiracy of uk intelligence spying on his campaign offers no proof.  #politico: here's why we shouldn't be concerned if uk was keeping an eye on trump  #huffpo: no donald uk wasn't spying on you.
1,what if he is holding all his cards until closer to the election before he blows the roof off this shit?
1,but q is totally a larp amirite?
1,haha. right before his visit to the u. k in june. man is fearless.
1,holy shit he's calling out the queen!
1,wait is this why we have street cam video of james comey and lisa page taking a wintertime stroll together in london. thats what they were doing! wth!!!
1,trump is the master at getting under the skin of his opponents. he tweets this out the same morning he announces a trip to the uk. we need to pray for his safety while he is in the uk and france. safety not from the people but from the governments.
1,bert and ernie are going full retard in the replies. this is the truth and those fucktards know it.
1,i've been to the left to get the lowdown on this and apparently its just a crackpot conspiracy theory. because y'know why would the potus know anything?
1,welp.  this is not what they wanted to get out.
1,>it will be a beauty!# can't wait
1, the pot is beginning to boil over
1,i love how like five years ago you couldve posted to reddit about how the governments of the world utilize a method of having their respective spy agencies gather information on citizens of another country and willingly turn it over in return for information on their own citizenry. this couldve been posted years ago without any personal political backlash and if anything the reddit community would be up in arms trying to make a whole thing of it. now you see that theyll die on that hill defending hopelessly their desire to not let trump be correct and not let the other side have a victory. you cant say the conservatives are much better since they play into this whole game as well but the left is genuinely disgusting and willing to burn us all down to prevent themselves looking like idiots.
1,gentleman. i believe it's safe to finally say it's happening!!
1,**if somebody hits you you've got to hit 'em back five times harder than they ever thought possible. you've got to get even.**
1,i want to see him tell the uk to hand over their intelligence employees for prosecution or face sanctions. or just deliver brexit spank the intel community severely behind closed doors and all will be forgiven in due time.
1,can we all say "british collusion" now
1,the real question is if anything will happen to obama
1,i'm sure the british can't wait to welcome president trump....
1,i know for the five eyes countries its the uk and australia who caused the most interference but please somehow implicate trudeau. please.
1,fit's in line with papadopolis interview on flecca
1,i kinda like to think this is a suprise pikachu  face. but i know trump has known for a while because we in the t_d have known this infomation for a long time. i recall comey showing up in nz with a meeting of the 5 eyes. we all said than they had spying on trump. trump is going to poke a few of those eyes.
1,i wish i could upvote this 1000 times
1,uk is complicit in coup attempt. declassify or give us assange (for his testimony and a pardon)
1,remember when judge nap said this very thing on fox over a year ago and almost lost his job??[cuz i do...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3x1gqwp2iw)
1,he talked to jack from twitter yesterday. probably told him that he better not fuck with his posts. some serious shit is about to go down.
1,#australia and italy were involved too!
1,let's see they set up papadopoulos in the uk and spied on him/trump campaign even when he was on american soil to get around our laws-that would be my guess. also the timing of the uk trip bet there will be some interesting meetings.
1,wow. thats krassen brothers. imagine being popular for harassing the president. maybe we can report them enough they get deleted.
1,wasn't the supposed fusion author former mi5?
1,how many chickens will hilary have to sacrifice in her backyard to molech to stop any of that from surfacing?
1,president trump is rhe best president we've ever had.
1,hmmmmm. this larry johnson used to have a blog called no quarter where intrigue was occasionally discussed and that blog suddenly disappeared one day boom. i hadn't been following it so closely but remember that he was treading on toes--seems like there's another story here as he resurfaces.
1,this can't be true.  obama was scandal free.
1,i didnt realize he worked for the cia after the nba.
1,i think i just heard clinton crapping her diapers.
1,>beauty! the previous president of the united states colluded with our allies in the uk to plot a coup d'tat against his successor by deliberately and systematically lying to the judge of a special secret court designed only for spying on foreigners. this was done to prevent president trump from learning and then revealing the vast web of other felonies committed by govt leaders in the cia fbi and state dept. beauty!
1,unfortunately even if somebody with name recognition and a (d) after their name is actually prosecuted the press is going to twist it and make it look like its simply donald trump attacking his political enemies rather than actual instigators of a soft coup being arrested and punished for their illegal transgressions.
1,if only the donald could be a bit more contained ...
1,it's illegal under international law for a country to spy on its own citizens. that's why uk monitors usa and vice versa for all the other 5 eyes. that's why we have tons of fibre optics going from the uk too the usa
1,george papadopoulos talked a bit more about this in his interview on fleccashttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rb6em1z cg2a
1,i have no issue exposing to the world who allied against the interests of the american people. they conspired to defraud our election process no less if not more so than russia.
1,so there is the foreign collusion
1,here's hoping the hubris will be her downfall.
1,#you know.  i know.  everybody knows believe me.
1,we finally are getting a fair honest and open government. expose the traitors all of them. take their power away put them away and institute max terms!
1,i honestly feel like the trump campaign knew about everything from the start. they probably talked about crazy hilarious stuff and fake plans the entire time. that is why the globalist machine is so dead set on destroying him at all costs they did all of this and got nothing but trolled.
1,its almost as if the anons already knew this tho with fvey and everything. new zealand and australia not just the uk
1,i love it when 4d chess comes together.
1,oh boy this tweet is most spectacular indeed!!!
1,lol all of the twitter replies trying to dirty this revelation as a "c on spi ra cy t he or y". how desperate.
1,i've been saying all that since brexit. the latter was the smokescreen scenario all along. imagine they were caught. lol. now expect hysterics from uk. maybe another skripal season.
1,damn i got blue balls already. how long do we have to wait?
1,#redcoat globalist shills!!
1,fine. i wouldn't go anywhere near the u. k (if i was potus) until this is sorted out...another reason not to go.
1,ha he knows and he just made sure everyone else does too damnit i love this timeline so hard!
1,the truth has already come out though? what more is needed?
1,they tried to destroy a man who is known for taking revenge. sad!**one or more of these people will get indicted*** mc cabe* page* strok* ohr* comey * lynch to save their ass they will talk and that is where the fun begins. #2020 will be even more lit than 2016. trump will be stomping on weak candidates while their leadership gets arrested left and right. they will be so demoralized that i almost feel sorry for them (almost). they're like drug addicts rn. they won't come around until they hit rock bottom. right now they are too proud to make nice with us but i expect that to change by the end of summer. it truly saddens me because we can be friends with liberals. despite their faults they are americans like us and we wish them to be great. we welcome all americans. we don't care about the parties here all we want to do is maga. #come win with us liberals! we love you!#we have tons of coats#and cookies
1,womp womp
1,nothing will happen
1,the man has the patience of a saint the mind of a grand chess master and a gangster who never forgets to strike his enemies down and the right moment.
1,i know you folks have already helped us out twice in the past. but is there any chance you can come and liberate us from tyranny this time?
1,close the border
1,get the nooses ready
1,interesting timing for a meeting with the queen.
1,god i cant wait for this denouement.....that said  my blue balls while waiting to see these cunts nailed are approaching the size of jupiter
1,i live in the uk and can agree that we almost certainly spied on the trump campaign and we have been spying on the usa for decades and not just the usa.
1,getous spitting fire!!!!
1,"england is not a hostile country"
1,the leftist conspiracy theorists will  believe he is getting his info from the news and claim "no evidence" which is hilarious. the potus doesn't need news and as we've seen time and time again he hasn't posted something like this that isn't at least partially true.
1,oh me oh my - give me that country pie! i'll take a sip of my covfefe with that thank you very much.
1,#this morning's news brought to you by trump twitter:#[former cia analyst larry johnson accuses united kingdom intelligence of helping obama administration spy on the 2016 trump presidential campaign. @oann wow! it is now just a question of time before the truth comes out and when it does it will be a beauty!](http://twitter.com/real donald trump/status/1121006942502182913)#[a very big caravan of over 20000 people started up through mexico. it has been reduced in size by mexico but is still coming. mexico must apprehend the remainder or we will be forced to close that section of the border & call up the military. the coyotes & cartels have weapons](http://twitter.com/real donald trump/status/1121012339552194560)#[mexicos soldiers recently pulled guns on our national guard soldiers probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the border. better not happen again! we are now sending armed soldiers to the border. mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending & returning!](http://twitter.com/real donald trump/status/1121021160827887616)#[the mueller report despite being written by angry democrats and trump haters and with unlimited money behind it ($35000000) didnt lay a glove on me. i did nothing wrong. if the partisan dems ever tried to impeach i would first head to the u. s. supreme court. not o...](https://twitter.com/real donald trump/status/1121023509029892096)#[.....are there no high crimes and misdemeanors there are no crimes by me at all. all of the crimes were committed by crooked hillary the dems the dnc and dirty cops - and we caught them in the act! we waited for mueller and won so now the dems look to congress as last hope!](https://twitter.com/real donald trump/status/1121025624632647682)thank you and maga!
1,i can't believe this is even an issue.
1,but asking if you are a united states citizen on the united states census is racist or something like that.
1,california about to lose some of their house members.
1,foreigners shouldn't vote in our elections.  it's only a matter of time before they'll start placing our enemies in the government.  can you imagine people in congress openly cheering for our enemies against our own soldiers?  it's a terrifying prospect and we must do everything we can to prevent it.
1,this is possible one of the most important scotus decision of all time. democrats should be very nervous because they are about to lose a significant amount of power.
1,the fact that this is even an issue shows how fucked we are
1,why do you think they fought him so hard on his scotus picks? never forget ben shapiro said he'd forfeit two scotus picks to crooked because trump would bee too dangerous for our democracy.
1,thank you mr. president!  thank you scotus!
1,it's always leg day with the left. trump beat them on immigration by showing that they are hypocrites who don't really care about the illegal aliens when he called them out about sanctuary cities. so they are now moving to voting by felons. not a popular opinion so they talk about terrorists voting. news shift. now you forgot about illegals(you didn't). soon they'll be back to calling you a racist baby hater who won't let the poor immigrants vote for their representation then they'll go back to felons voting because they have no policies they are just trying to get new voters.
1,we all know soros is working this and should be held at the highest courts. to bad he is not able to be brought to justice. i hope the new saudi prince finds him .
1,at a moments notice i can provide several different forms that prove my citizenship to this country. there shouldn't be any problems with this from anyone who actually is supposed to be here.
1,the real foreign collusion that exists in this county are illegals/foreign nationals voting being considered for congressional representation purposes and draining billions out of the country via tax fraud/wire transfers.
1,yes it is a big deal. when the numbers come out we can see the % of non citizens vs citizens (well me might have to make some assumptions based on the number returned vs number of registered voters) then voter id. non-citizens should not be getting any taxpayer funded anything. full stop.
1,anyone who is against the census question takes their marching orders from the kremlin.
1,let's do this kavabrah don't let us down!
1,since this citizenship question is being racist somehow.. apparently not texting and driving is racist too. florida is debating a law on texting and driving. were one of the few states that dont have texting and driving yet. im all for it. i see way too many people playing on their phones on the road. politicians that are against it say it can be used for racial profiling. seriously? are they saying that only people of color text and drive? welcome to crazy world. everything is racist.
1,cant wait for california to lose 6+ house seats over this.https://www.fairus.org/issue/societal-impact/illegal-immigrants-distort-congressional-representation-and-federal-programs
1,wouldn't the illegal immigrants just lie when answering the questions?
1,activist judges may be our single biggest problem. that created some of the problems that led to our retarded media/congress. but they hide behind their robes. its time to start nullifying their insane decisions.
1,#**better not happen again!** if mexico wants to feel the  power of our military point those weapons at our soldiers again.
1,#better not happen again mexico
1,cnn: if the scotus allows the citizenship question here's how it benefits russia
1,so libs still flipping their shit then?
1,imagine being a citizen of a country and not caring who was there and why they were there. if you leave the door open on your house and let anyone in for any reason what do you think will happen?
1,there's something very basic about this that i don't understand so someone please eli5:  what would stop an illegal from just checking the "sure i'm an american citizen" box?  okay it'd be illegal but would that really matter to someone who's here illegally already?
1,you cannot ask about citizenship in a crowded theater.
1,inb4 they pull a 3/5 compromise stunt to keep their majority in the house
1,serious question is it just a question requiring no verification? what's to stop people filling out "yes i am a citizen"?
1,woundnt every illegal just answer "yes"?
1,there are many good arguments against fostering illegal immigration. however i rarely hear a perspective on the unintended consequences of devaluing citizenship. why should i pay taxes for instance? what value does the social contract have for me if i get the same benefits without it?
1,to whoever is listening out there and the real world in the positions of power in the halls of the white house i just want you to know the american people support president trump.
1,well they better rule in our favor.  its a given the liberal hacks will not. lets see if kava can deliver
1,god if this shakes out a lot of these sanctuaries are going to lose house seats and federal dollars. its going to be beautiful.
1,asking if youre a citizen is racist 
1,libs: "reeeeeeeeeeeeee! supreme court obstruction!!"
1,anyone able to explain whats stopping people from lying about the citizenship question?
1,hit that deport button. they are brigading hard today!!
1,"why is the president of the united states so darned racist?" -ed krassenstein do these brother fuckers understand half the words they say?
1,dems gotta get more house seats.... they were pissed back in the day when they were deprived of 40% of their apportionment power...   the abolitionists wanted to take all 100% of their power away from them and count slaves as 0 zero not a person not counted when handing out house seats period!!!  because any abolitionist worth their salt knows that a slave cannot by definition have any political power themselves but they can only be used by their slave-masters for political power!!! same old democrap shit!   different century.
1,i'm curious why people think they would answer honestly. wouldn't they just lie and then democrats would use that number to down play the issue?
1,i'm confused on this. what stops anyone/everyone from just answering yes they are a citizen?
1,it's going down boys!!! we'll finally have a ruling whether or not bill clinton broke the law by allowing the question on the 2000 census.
1,i was listening to the history of rome podcast the other day (it was recorded years ago) talking about julius caesar and his census in rome. i guess it took a bunch of non citizens off of the list for free or price-reduced grain and saved the republic a ton of money. i can definitely see some parallels here.
1,is rgb back at her desk yet? time for her to retire and open up the job to a functional human.
1,dems in ca ny etc...use illegal immigrants to steal seats and resources from the smaller states. probably will be less supportive of open borders when they aren't benefiting anymore worse their states will be on the hook to support them 100% when they are bused in.
1,what if all those illegals in california are actually russians?
1,i... i just cant believe it. the top comments after the krassenstein faggots are almost all pro trump. twatter must be broken
1,can't they just lie and mark themselves as citizens though? or even just not take the census?
1,why does this even matter?  if they are illegal aliens they are already lawbreakers so if they actually did answer the census why wouldnt they just lie about being citizens too?
1,he recommends the wh fight every subpoena making the house go to court every time to try to justify it. they have no valid justification. its all partisan.
1,rudy is the 2nd most winning person alive behind potus. took down the mafia saved nyc led after 9/11 now helped potus beat the coup attempt. hilarious that the leftist loons thought michael avenatti (mr. life in prison) would take him down.
1,the difference between hillarys investigation and the president is that the president is innocent of the underlying crime. mueller prosecutors couldnt find any collusion and cant make a case of obstruction so they  are demanding he exhonerate himself. this is unheard of in american law.       rudy!! is on fi ya . this was a great sticky watch the whole 8minutes
1,her comments are jaw dropping but she knows her fans have no idea that she obstructed justice at every turn and was treated with kid gloves while trump was treated with complete hostility.
1,rudy suggesting the trump tower meeting was a set up frame job on fox news... a year plus after people like us were making that suggestion here ... feels good man
1,how fucking stupid do you have to be to even open your mouth on this subject if you're hillary clinton?  when i heard her say this i went blank for at least a minute.  dumb cunt.
1,hilary opining on obstruction? what was her intent when she had her staff destroy phones computers and hired a firm to erase her emails?
1,it really is a case of everything that they accuse him of they have actually done.
1,love guiliani he's an absolute beast and an american treasure.  this man risked his own life taking down mobsters who wanted him dead he is not scared of these pieces of shit in dc.
1,i'm surprised they let him talk for more than 5 seconds without being interrupted
1,its still all half measures and pulled punches. wheres the outrage??? wheres the demand that this bitch sociopath go to prison???
1,he's right.  there have already been two investigations (fbi counterintel and mueller) and both came up with donut.  the democrats are going to want a "do-over" and tie up everything in endless investigations until they get the results they want but that's not how our system works.
1,giuliani has the ability to make people watch long videos.
1,rudy was spitting out serious truths in this interview.
1,mayor giuliani dropping the hammer! feels like he touched on almost everything big except for barry soetoros involvement. if rudy is this worked up just imagine geotus. the swamp is in deep deep trouble.
1,guiliani is an american badass
1,what is crooked whining about now?  lock her up already.
1,could this fox news team learn to stfu? he's making a big point about to go after hillary and you interrupt him and try to make it all funny? just stfu and let the man speak.
1,it all began when they took me from my home  and put me on death row  a crime for which i'm totally innocent you know  i began to warm and chill  to objects and their fields  a ragged cup a twisted mop  the face of jesus in my soup  those sinister dinner deals  the meal trolley's wicked wheels  a hooked bone rising from my food  and all things either good or ungood  and the mercy seat is waiting  and i think my head is burning  and in a way i'm yearning  to be done with all this weighing of the truth  an eye for an eye  and a tooth for a tooth  and anyway i told the truth  and i'm not afraid to die.  i hear stories from the chamber  christ was born into a manger  and like some ragged stranger  he died upon the cross  might i say it seems so fitting in its way  he was a carpenter by trade  or at least that's what i'm told  my killed hands tattooed e. v. i. l.  across it's brother's fist  that filthy five!  they did nothing to challenge or resist  in heaven his throne is made of gold  the ark of his testament is stowed  a throne from which i'm told  all history does unfold.  it's made of wood and wire  and my body is on fire  and god is never far away  into the mercy seat i climb  my head is shaved my head is wired  and like a moth that tries  to enter the bright eye  i go shuffling out of life  just to hide in death awhile  and anyway i never lied  and the mercy seat is waiting  and i think my head is burning  and in a way i'm yearning  to be done with all this weighing of the truth  an eye for an eye  and a tooth for a tooth  and anyway i told the truth  and i'm not afraid to die.  and the mercy seat is burning  and i think my head is glowing  and in a way i'm hoping  to be done with all this twistin' of the truth  an eye for an eye  and a tooth for a tooth  and anyway there was no proof  and i'm not afraid to die  and the mercy seat is glowing  and i think my head is smokin'  and in a way i'm hoping  to be done with all these looks of disbelief.  a life for a life  and a truth for a truth  and i've got nothing left to lose  and i'm not afraid to die  and the mercy seat is smokin'  and i think my head is melting  and in a way that's helping  to be done with all this twistin' of the truth  an eye for an eye  and a truth for a truth  and anyway i told the truth  but i'm afraid i told a lie.
1,hillary talking shit again?
1,what is this in response to? what did clinton say?
1,the guilty scream the loudest!!
1,until indictments start happening against these people their base will continue to believe trump is the criminal.
1,hillary really did come across as kind of dipshit."if it was anyone else there would have been an indictment"&#x200b;really?? have you been indicted yet you utter troglodyte?
1,for all those who complain how hrc is an old woman and should be left alone - she never goes away. she runs her mouth in hopes of causing unrest. she is an agent of chaos. instead of sitting on a porch with her grand babies hrc wants to watch america burn believing such a sacrifice is worth it as long as her secrets stay buried.
1,can't wait for the day.... /r/hillary for prison
1,plante march 7: mr. president when did you first learn that hillary clinton used an email system outside the u. s. government for official business while she was secretary of state? obama: the same time everybody else learned it through news reports." liar!
1,these are *not* the 33000 deleted emails.  this headline is wrong. these are simply regular emails from clinton to the white house. what's important is that this is the first official confirmation that obama was lying when he said he didn't know she had her own server. we knew that was true because bob ama showed up in the podesta drop but this is actually coming from the government.
1,why and how are these anti-americans (democ rats) not in jail yet?
1,on anthony weiners laptop. dont forget that part!!  im sure they were in his life insurance folder.
1,try posting in this in r/politics and it blocks the post saying its against the community guidelines. they decide what their people see.
1,when will congress demand them in unredacted form?
1,found in obama's office.  what exactly does that mean?   in his desk on a thumb drive?  printed out on sheets of paper?  why would obama save them?
1,is that where her neck is hiding too?
1,#they were all doing itthere's no way the obama justice department could have allowed hrc - or anyone at state - to be prosecuted for subverting federal records law or mishandling classified information because it would inevitably come back to them.  they would never prosecute themselves.  and there was no way clinton was taking the fall for it given her impending presidential bid (it was her turn!).  she knew and they knew that if an investigation led to federal indictments she was taking them all to prison with her. every.  single.  one.
1,so if i were to destroy 33000 already-subpoenaed documents  i just have to say i didn't intend to do it and i'm good to go right?
1,> this astonishing confirmation made under oath by the fbi shows that the obama fbi had to go to president obamas white house office to find emails that hillary clinton tried to destroy or hide from the american people. said judicial watch president tom fitton. no wonder hillary clinton has thus far skated  barack obama is implicated in her email scheme. wew lad.
1,all 30k of them? oh stonetear... edit: almost 49k! holy frick. obeezy in big trouble now
1,countdown to next mass shooting in 3...2...1...
1,scum and one of america's biggest enemy!
1,i shall hide them in the one place they'll never think to look 
1,military tribunals would be cute idk
1,can someone explain to me what judicial watch actually is? sorry for the noob question. i keep reading about judicial watch findings but dont understand if there are actual implications and if trump is in the know/working with them. plz help. thanks.
1,obama caught lying = nothing will happen.  the media will cover so hard for him and even if he's caught with his pants down they'll just blame a random advisor or claim *national security*.  this is a great vindication of what we all knew that obama is a lying piece of shit anti-american radical.
1,the media controls the country. it doesnt matter how corrupt or obvious. if the media doesnt scream about it like banshees nothing happens. there needs to be a fucking change to this gross system. it was supposed to be trump but the media screamed like banshees that he was a russian agent... didnt matter how ridiculous. they stopped his momentum in the disgustinf swamp.
1,i was just wondering for a second why there isn't a government agency called "judicial watch". but then i realized that if it were a government agency it would just become corrupt as hell.
1,cnn: "how our low ratings are a good thing":
1,joe biden's campaign slogan:
1,dems: "we need to impeach an innocent president because":
1,bartending tips from aoc:
1,utilizing the christian "easter worshipper" model some new terms the dems will try to redefine:
1,#4 biggest lie: joe biden standing behind a woman of any age isn't dangerous. 
1,things bill and hillary (or barry and mike) say to each other before going to bed...
1,-4. if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor
1,i'm still a registered democrat but i vote more republican. does that make me a democrat here to help?
1,don't forget "if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor."
1,this needs to posted in politics as a reply to their obstruction posts.
1,id pay money for that pic to be tweeted by djt
1,retweet this mr. president!
1,another trick criminals use is to leave draft sent messages and log into the same account and read the drafts.  get on these fuckers drafts!
1,we knew before anyone else. we knew about paul combetta coming to reddit for advice on how to scrub obamas email address from clintons subpoenaed emails before anybody else. we knew russiagate was nonsense very early. we are the news now.
1,how come i haven't heard about this on msnpc?
1,and... comey exonerated her. lordy.
1,justice must be served!
1,it's good to be queen.
1,did wiki leaks redact a big portion above we need to clean this up.... if so i wonder why?
1,clean it like with a cloth???
1,this entire charade is really mind blowing. trump turned over everything and let his staff speak to the witch hunters and hillary and her coven destroyed evidence and got white glove treatment.
1,actual legitimate collusion and obstruction.
1,if they changed anything this would be criminal obstruction.
1,at quick glance thought it said "anal obstruction" :d
1,'clean this up'  these clowns are so dirty i can smell them from scotland
1,since 2004 i have lost 12 friends to pills and heroin. i saw the pill epidemic sweep across nh and seen some really bad bad things that my friends were doing that made me flee the state in 2006 because i did not want to end up like them. the thing they did and who they became weren't something i could bare to witness. heroin is a horrible drug and the people at the top who peddle it to ruin communities know what they are doing. it's not just a little community problem it's a world wide epidemic and its completely out of control by design.
1,this is going to be amazing.
1,trump is in my city and i cant be there hurts man.
1,as an addict i'm happy to see this. shoot the dealers close the borders treat the addicts solve the problem!
1,#wtf i love drug abuse now
1,the dims destroyed the economy and then flooded the country with opioidsbig coincidence! nothing to do with weakening/thinning the "herd"i never was an addict of any sort (besides cheese which interestingly does contain morphine like compounds) but more effective treatment programs are neededmore on dairy crack: https://www.thrillist.com/health/nation/why-cheese-is-so-addictivespez: article on addiction https://bma-wellness.com/papers/addicts_dilemna.html
1,melania is speaking.  she looks beautiful.
1,melania is at the podium!
1,as a recently new member of the ssdi club i applaud the conviction of our geotus to fight the drug companies. opioids are given out far too widely. legalizeit for america medical cannabis saves lives and saves patients from opioid abuse!
1,the reason there is such a massive heroin problem in portland and seattle (literally needles everywhere in parks where kids play) is because deep down left wing dudes know theyre full of shit and they hate themselves when they look in the mirror.
1,my best friend died of a heroin overdose about a year and a half ago. it's fantastic to have a president who is actually committed to finding a solution to this epidemic unlike previous administrations that did nothing about it or even enabled it.
1,eliminate aids by 2030? i'm impressed. continue winning.
1,i lost my cousin about 5 or 6 years ago because of this. she was 22.
1,omg! real sad to hear these type of stories like this.
1,trump has shown that he is willing to do what it takes to get those drugs out of here! i'm so glad for that!
1,you know trump is on when they play his favorite song! :)
1,thank you mr. president! thanks also for getting rx prices lowered--before the dems make this a centerpiece!
1,if only we can get the wall funded and built so we can help restrict the drugs from coming in here further. too bad the dems won't listen to that.
1,fantastic hearing any recovery story from drugs. its a tough road.
1,our immigration laws do need to be fixed but congress mainly the dems don't want to listen at all. and there is major proof of that.
1,the trump smack down has begun.
1,i seen what those drugs can do on tv shows mainly the show called "cops." that showed me to stay away from that poison.
1,its time to sweep the illegal drugs out of the country.
1,we do need to get things fixed at our border now. but i'll disagree that mexico is not stopping these guys considering there is another caravan traveling in mexico.
1,just ridiculous that people are being oversupplied the amount of drugs here when they should be only getting the amount they are needing.
1,dogs do definitely help a lot. they got real great senses.
1,government is the problem! not the solution!!
1,all your once bad opinions can be forgiven as long as you eventually see the light- we were all there once at some point before the blinds were opened.
1,>during bernie sanders town hall monday he reiterated his belief that felons need to be able to vote even terrorists.>[i] think the right to vote is inherent to our democracy yes even for terrible people because once you start chipping away  you say that guy committed a terrible crime were not going to let him vote or that person did that youre running down **a slippery slope** hesaid. good news pedes. slippery slope argument against gun control is back on the table!
1,when you realize you may be normal.
1,wont be much longer until we get cher a coat
1,so she is against illegal immigration now?
1,it's your whole party. now stop being in denial and hop over to the good side
1,looks like cher might be going through late stage maturity. better late than never.
1,half-pede..... that's all i ever heardhalf-pede... how i learned to love the word
1,her twitter is still very anti trump. lets just pray she sees the light
1,what's funny is seeing the other liberals reactions when she asks simple rational questions. i swear it is the reactions of other liberals when you slightly question the leftist dogma that drops the most red pills.
1,wow. this is a 180 on an epic scale
1,cher visit to the oval office when?!?!?
1,and that was the day cher became a xenophobic racist
1,didnt she move to canada?
1,keep supporting the democrats you stupid over hyped clown looking wrinkled up bitch.
1,she's kookie as fuck but "moonstruck" will always be one of my favorite films
1,still believes sanctuary cities are a great idea but not in her home sanctuary city.
1,cher will be "far-right" by the end of this week.
1,lol this fucking timeline is so good.
1,hey cher what about illegals?
1,its like seeing the buddhists and hindus getting triggered all over again. monk: we are peaceful and will do no harm.  muslims: hold my kebap.
1,if she's not careful they may try to commit her...
1,and just like that.... cher became a radical rightwing nazi to her all her hollywood "friends". this timeline....
1,the red pill in action. slowly in her head she's realizing "holy shit they *are* crazy!"
1,we are watching cher become a republican... in real time... on twitter.&#x200b;what a time to be alive.
1,"cher calls all mexicans murderers rapists and chimos" -vox
1,cher a gray hat or what?
1,that is funny.. since you worked with them!!!! fuck off forever!!
1,red pill or brain tumor?
1,umm... weren't most of these terrorists in the country on a visa or here illegally?  so they wouldn't be able to vote regardless.  this is just one of those bleeding heart rants to get to the people who don't actually care about the facts. just like they don't care about whether it is a convicted murderer pedophile or even rapist apparently.  if the news and bs actually said who he was referring to by their crimes this would go away.
1,cher no q.q    https://twitter.com/cher/status/1120844807432278016
1,google chers malibu mansion drugs
1,we can have a conversation about prison reform for stupid shut like drug possession i dont give a shit if you want to fuck up your body. it is not a discussion to let violent felons vote. no. if you cause someone to lose their rights and ability to vote through *your* actions you do not deserve to maintain those rights and privileges
1,please tell me she's talking about illegal immigrants...
1,# oh i'm sorry i thought this was america
1,there's hope for many people who have been reflexive democrats for ages but slowly realize that the people leading their party are barking mad.
1,is it possible to redpill a total loon?
1,holy shit no one can deny its happening now.
1,i'm confused; is she still talking about moving to illegals to la?
1,she keeps this up and i might believe in life after love...
1,c'mon cher! you're almost there!!https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xflqbuda0uw
1,silly cher she thought she was allowed to make up her own mind about things.
1,when did she change her stance? i seem to remember her saying something very pro illegal immigrants not to long ago..
1,what a world we live in where cher is considered far to the right of the democrat party.
1,shes clearly alt-right. /s
1,new alt-right icon?
1,shes just waiting for biden to announce
1,yes. yes.  let the hate flow through you....
1,im going to be so mad if she turns to our side. only because i was in multiple drawings at my bar to get cher tickets and then on the date of the concert half of the fuckers who won tickets didnt use them.
1,she was married to sonny bono who for california was a reasonably based republican rep.
1,she should do an ama here.
1,she's turning her final stage! redcher!
1,cher's 73--74 may 20th--she knows stuff.
1,when cher has to be the voice of reason for your party its time to realize maybe something is wrong.
1,heels-up harris back pedaling on her agreement.
1,..when you're not paying attention to what pills you take in the morning and you've been munching on the red ones. you only need the first one to start the snowball effect. whatever the reason i approve of the honesty.spez: now don't be like the usual td and go buy all her music plastering your car with her face etc. let's see where she's going with all of this.
1,wow is she really saying all this?  if so what impact is it going to have on her followers.  if your chosen pet celebrity is questioning things then maybe you should too.
1,i agree w cher . feels wierd to type this.
1,fuuuuuuck that creepy bitch.
1,she is still a failure in the ways of morality.
1,hey everybody just needs to leave that poor fella alone.  he's just speaking his mind.
1,she's headed for the wilderness for such a controversial opinion.
1,we all eventually see the light. whether it comes from a tunnel or a barrel !
1,they are all losing their minds and cannibalizing each other. let them eat. it will be glorious.
1,thats cool and all but the rest of her twitter is a complete dumpster fire of lib bullshit
1,its ok cher dont let the bastards get you down.  social media (and hollywood for that matter) is an insidious thing.  bad people trickle down bad ideas and brainwash people with weak minds.  this is the result.  its beyond common sense but we have forces that want to destroy the moral fibers of america and have found a way to do it.  up is down down is up.  its craziness anymore.
1,i'm starting to believe that there is a limit to cognitive dissonance... once that wall is breached and the person begins to think for themselves and express their views they will experience 1st hand the hate the hypocrisy and  the alienation from the left...a person can only stand so much before they questions previously held beliefs  i. e. they'll have to  re-examine their own blind hatred for trump conservative values etc. cher has started down the slippery slope
1,i think cher is beginning to realize when it comes to stating your opinion you are damned if you signal virtue and you're damned when you discuss logic so she may as well speak her mind .
1,sometimes the red-pilling is a slow process.
1,#watching the red pill work its way through cher's central nervous system has been extremely entertaining!
1,who would have known the only voice of common sense in leftist the media would be cher.
1,cher youre thinking 15 minutes into the future thats not allowed by todays left. theyre going to have to put you down if you dont show some insanity soon.
1,poor cher. the good parts of sonny manage to still have some connection but the hollywood part keeps trying to repress her common sense.
1,if only she could turn back time. maybe she'd be able to rid california of all its gypsies tramps and thieves.
1,this is hilarious but it's exactly how lefties get redpilled. they say something publicly that seems like common sense but doesn't follow the script. they get backlash. &nbsp;then if they don't capitulate they experience the full reeee. next thing you know they are wearing a maga hat and posting in here about how they have seen the light.
1,you know its interesting how we brigade a twitter post vs the left. if you look at the comments its mega and respectable no name calling just a general calm collected response with some tongue and cheak responses vs how the left responds with pure rage
1,f@#k yeah cher bad ass bitch is always a bad ass bitch
1,i wonder who paul manifort will vote for.
1,get hype fellas.  don't care what the doubters say we gonna see some shit.
1,idc what anyone says conservatives have a way better sense of humor lmao
1,cinematic massterpiece! riviting to the very end. audiences will cheer the conclusion of this epic tale. a++ kek approves
1,i got chills towards the end with that scene of trump escorting a hand-cuffed obama. shit's about to get real.
1,my erection is lasting longer than 4 years!
1,to borrow a phrase from the democrats "some people did something."personally while i would love a perp walk  i will settle for the truth. great work thug!
1,there were left wingers in r/politics yesterday actually talking about being scared and shaking when it came to the retribution that is obviously coming. we need to be investigating and spying on every democrat 2020 candidate turnabout is fair play. we need the fbi to dig through the personal lives (emails texts all of it) of every democrat in congress who pushed ridiculous tinfoil hat russia conspiracy theories for 2+ years. then leak everything they find through anonymous sources. every salacious detail.
1,now do michael corleone godfather ending.
1,imagine the firestorm if he tweeted this.  imagine all he could get done with the astounding 36 hours of frothing media distraction if he tweeted this.
1,good vid but lets not fool ourselves like the leftists lunatics just because you say something doesn't mean it will happen... we need actions to be taken... if not we're the same as the idiots at cnn who keep repeating the same thing that never happens...
1,thug life new shit is a national treasure.
1,**one can dream.**i will be such a happy man when the left is held accountable.
1,i thought this would be something to deal with churchills speech after the victory in africa:perhaps it is the beginning of the end..
1,the trump (crazy) train cant be stopped!
1,rod rosenratfuck's arrest was the best lol.
1,the right **can** meme
1,#well done!! trump riding rosenstein was pure gold!!  #maga!!  
1,i am sorry i have only 1 upvote to give!  please take it with my sincere appreciation.
1,1. pres trump is reelected this happens.2. pres trump is not reelected this happens alot sooner.
1,jesus christ i pray to eliminate evil.
1,okay i have a chubby.
1,why is hillary not the biggest domino?
1,you get a jail cell and you get a jail cell and you get a jail cell!!!
1,my freedom boner was tearing through my jeans until i heard the epic crescendo and saw barrys perp walk. the spooky ghosts ectoplasm is everywhere. we need these crooks in prison or executed. #maga
1,he got em! he got barry!
1,ive been correct about all of my predictions so far even went so far as to promise to eat an entire shoe if jussie got punished. ill stick with it and say ill eat a shoe live on you tube if any one of these people sees any sort of punishment. whether it be a fine a court appearance or (a miracle) jail time.
1,awesome vid. i really think we're going to see at least some of these major conspirators get taken down in the next 2 years.
1,#hell yes!!!!! brilliant !!!!!!!!! <3 <3 <3i love everything about this video but the orchestral "crazy train" music makes it! <3 <3 <3#maga
1,what's on the car air freshener @ 51 secs?  i can't tell it is too small
1,cant listen to it. i cant hear that voice spewing those lies. that woman has no soul. she has no soul.
1,proof please? lots of saying. ain't seen any doing.
1,jesus christ its jason bourne!
1,shouldn't that read "the beginning of the end" ? the 'beginning' of a reckoning which will finalize with the 'end' of the conspirators.
1,george h. w. bush ordered our troops into somalia in 1992 after he had lost his re-election bid to bill clinton.  bush '41 said he based his decision on a time magazine cover photo of a starving somali boy hunched over with a vulture in the background.   bush '41 knew clinton had written a letter to military recruitment officers saying "i loathe the military".  we literally went into somalia to feed them.  mullah farah aidid was a warlord that was stealing the food and only giving it to his tribe.  ilhan omar's family belonged to a different tribe that was targeted by aidid and other warlords.  at the age of 4 ilhan omar and her family were forced to flee and ended up in a un sponsored refugee camp in kenya. the refugee camps were plagued with violence rape and theft.  when ilhan omar was 9 bill clinton and the late senator paul wellstone decided to bring all those somalis in kenyan refugee camps and plunk them down in minnesota.   lutheran social services and catholic charities were given lucrative government grants to help re-settle the somalis in minnesota. ilhan omar went to public schools got a college degree and never faced a day of want in the u. s.  in return for that ilhan omar accused elliot abrams of supporting war crimes in el salvador (he didn't and even his main attacker years later admitted eliot abrams was right).     she calls the u. s. intervention in somalia to put down mullah muhammed farah aidid a terrorist attack even though he targeted her clan for elimination and pushed them out of somalia.   she asked a judge to be lenient toward somalis that joined isis.  she has made several anti-semitic statements and denigrates our ally israel.  she claims she is treated like a second class citizen while she's a sitting congressional representative.  whenever she's criticized for her behavior she claims the criticism is  islamophobic.    she's sponsored by cair which is a muslim brotherhood front in the u. s. and supports terrorism around the globe.  she tells members of cair to "raise hell" and "make others uncomfortable."   she has openly supported the socialist dictator in venezuela maduro while america was carrying on operations to deliver aid food and medicine to the people of venezuela.  every american needs to think long and hard about whether we should ever interfere "to help people" across the globe again.  if a damn 9 year old girl can be saved brought to the u. s. and enjoy all the fruits of our nation and still hate us to the bottom of her heart all our "good will" around the world is just us being gullible chumps.  when the uniparty says we have to be the world's leader and we have to stabilize the globe remember with all our good will we couldn't even convince a nine year old girl that we're not evil.  the globalist uniparty must be defeated because their arrogance and hubris will destroy this country.
1,they did not come in the us to assimilate and live in a country which offers them more than theirs they came to colonize.&#x200b;the west should start defending themselves and pass laws were citizenship can be stripped easily when importing snakes.
1,oh boy... let's import a few million more.
1,exactly why she needs the boot straight back to somalia.
1,she has connections to the muslim brotherhood. a "group" that obama helped in the arab spring. obama imported the voters she needed to get into congress. not that hard to figure out what her plans where going to be when she won. destroy america from within.
1,do we have to link to the hill? that bought and paid for shill shit gives me brain cancer. the site itself is extremely partisan but good god look at the comments section. i dare you.
1,and now she gets intel that can put american lives at risk if it were to "fall" into the wrong hands.
1,in her defense i'm sure allot of that 'anger' stems from having her clit sliced off years ago
1,thank obama for relocating a shit load of refugees to that part of the country. now we have our enemies with representation in congress.
1,well her family were pirates... according to a friend.
1,exactly what the dems want.
1,being a so-called "refugee" means that our country rescued her and she repays us by shitting all over us. she needs to be deported back to where she came from so she can learn to appreciate what our country did for her.
1,i have a friend who recently obtained the citizenship and was hearing of the things he needed to go through like interviews and so on to finally go to the ceremony event in the nearest big city. i cannot imagine that she could get a citizenship even already very loosen citizenship exam and requirement.
1,just like every other muslim.
1,we need a "must be natural born citizen" to be in congress amendment
1,she literally looks like a snake devil creature. black nails?
1,this is typical of some of our "immigrants and refugees"......... social cohesion is down the drain
1,i guess obama is protecting this woman because he secretly is a muslim and wants to hurt trump.
1,she is her not to be melted in the melting pot she is here to melt the pot.
1,here is link to video which has not one second long: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=md0knco6xr4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=md0knco6xr4) hopefully it stays more than one second long for long. ;)
1,you are what you do.
1,she attacks her country but it's her attacks on her creator that she professes to serve that will get her in the end.
1,a 'sleeper' agent who is a little too fucking awake
1,a prime example of why immigration needs to be stopped. no more for 30 years.
1,stacy abrams sister?
1,wtf. everyday with these lunatic professors. next the air is racist because it went into my lungs not the black persons next to me.
1,so why not just get places on fucking time then they won't be oppressed 
1,i guess salads are racist too.
1,perhaps the most aggravating aspect of all of this is the term "black people".  the racist left loves to paint with abroad brush. more accurately she should be saying that incompetent boobs are often late.
1,this bitch looks like she is on time to the buffet everyday.    disgusting sweat hog
1,these professors just pick something they are having difficulty with or if theyre white something they believe blacks have trouble with and say its racist (kind of stereotypical and racist if you ask me) example:blacks dont speak well and have poor grammar-youre just imposing white english on them they deserve their own language. in fact you should teach ebonics in school. fact: theres plenty of articulate black people who use correct grammar. though biden seems to think obama is the first articulate and clean black person now punctuality   maybe thats just a personal problem. these liberals in trying to be non- racist are saying black people are dirty late violent people who cant speak. but theyre not racist... everyone else is
1,fuck yeah time is racist. all of my black friends swear by cpt (colored people time where time intervals are delayed by an arbitrary random factor not less than +17 minutes) and how a minute can mean literally any length of time. so yeah time is a racist cunt.
1,the wypipo have the time stone
1,rutgers must be very proud of her.
1,that is exactly what i expected her to look like from the headline.  i'm just sad her name isn't literally big bertha.  we were lied to as children.  you can judge a book by its cover.
1,is maxine waters a white supremacist under this new standard? she loves saying she's reclaiming her time. it must be a dog whistle!
1,god dammit lunchtime is over already?i havent finished eating this dragoncrocodilewhalepig and diet coke! time is sooooo racist!!!!
1,its unfortunate but i have come to refer to it as black people time. if i have a meeting with a black person i will try to be on-time but i wont try very hard because black people time
1,the iq bell curve is symmetric; for every person with 120 iq there is someone with 80 iq. for every theoretical physicist there's someone like this woman.
1,what's racist is the fact she is exploiting curious minds to sign up for mounds of debt to get such a stupid degree. her whole wellbeing comes from the manipulation of young feeble minds.  gender studies?  is your internship as a starbucks barista?
1,if she thinks time is racist how does she justify having her own timezone?
1,it looks like she can't put down the junk food for any period of time.
1,she's always late because she's not finished eating.
1,life is racist thats what my prediction is
1,honk
1,til because i'm always late i'm black!
1,you have to have the intelligence quotient of a cinder block to become a gender studies professor
1,translation; i think the world revolves around me and don't want to go to work on time. black people really put nearly no effort in avoiding becoming stereotypes.
1,literally everything is racist. not being racist is racist!
1,her statement is completely ridiculous. her reasoning if you'll pardon me for calling it that is asinine.
1,well time hasn't been kind to her. i can see why she'd hate it.
1,vegetables and exercise must be too.
1,brittney cooper is always late not because she's black... but because she had to stop and get an extra ho ho on her way out the door... the big fat fucken stupid bitch!
1,sure brittney. but no matter what you try you cannot force restaurants to make their all you can buffets stay open 24 hours.
1,but who owns colored people time?
1,we've transitioned from the subtle racism of lowered expectations to the overt racism of lowered expectations.
1,is there even one "gender studies" professor who is within an acceptable bmi?  i swear every one i see is a huge land whale.
1,oh hey i've heard that one before. like years ago before sjws went mainstream. there was for a while a notion hanging around that timeliness punctuation and work ethic are "white" concepts and expecting blacks to be punctual timely and ethical was in fact racist. i doth not shiteth thou.
1,i watched a tv show for the first time called the amazing race... it wasn't about white people? so confusing.
1,we can either age or move at the speed of light ?
1,i think we're going to need a rainbow clownworld flair...
1,once everything is racist nothing will be racist
1,and these people actually get paid. jesus...
1,i vaguely recall hilliary making a joke about "black people time."
1,just because it takes her an hour to walk a flight of stairs does not make it times fault
1,gender studies is racist because it is destroying the human race!
1,im still in denial that a gender studies degree is a real thing
1,so there is colored time and non-colored time?
1,there is nothing that isn't racist according to these imbeciles. the fact that this women is an associate professor just shows what a joke the education system has become with these useless degrees.
1,white men can't jump.... is gravity racist?
1,apparently diets are also racist
1,are you telling me mambo number five is racist? my life is ruined
1,liberalism is a mental disorder.
1,"and please black people try to be on time for something other than free before eleven at the club" [https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=barbershop+reparations&view=detail&mid=ac23e858e81ec6ad27ebac23e858e81ec6ad27eb&form=vire](https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=barbershop+reparations&view=detail&mid=ac23e858e81ec6ad27ebac23e858e81ec6ad27eb&form=vire)
1,there's only 3 times. early on-time and late. not that hard
1,people take on $50k a year in student loans for this shit. no wonder were fucked
1,jesus... one picture and we can assume that she has never been asked out by a white guy cause they are all racist or any other man because she is too strong and independent and the evil patriarchy and unrealistic body standards are to blame.
1,i guess that's why she can't find time to hit the gym
1,damn white people and their monopoly on time.
1,if it had a bmi it would probably be low too
1,so is she okay reteaching her classes for students of color who wander in 2 hours late? will she spend time over the weekend grading their papers if they decide to turn them in on friday at 5 before grades are due to the dean?
1,horizon zero dawn spoilers:.. that ain't true sis.
1,this woman looks like a fatter version of that fat woman from ga... abrams or whatever.
1,"time is a confidence trick invented by the swiss."
1,why are people so stupid?!
1,thank god i graduated rutgers is turning into looney tune land
1,its an older code sir but it checks out
1,not enough time to eat her big mac
1,this made me laugh out loud!
1,overweight- check    short hair- check   professor- check  anti-white---check
1,can someone remind me why kids are going into debt to go to these "prestiguous schools"?
1,i expect this shit from sites like the onion but its supposed to be satire. its suppose to be funny. this is just sad.
1,well she does have a lot of time- time at the buffet table if ya knows what i means...
1,white people have a reputation of not being able to jump very high. therefore jumping itself is owned by black people.
1,i dont know anymore what is parody and what isnt.  maybe i havent for quite a while now.
1,i bet cake will never be racist. am i right brittney?
1,is there a cloning lab out there making gigantic communist pigs????
1,clearly this whale has never been late to a meal.
1,im shocked a big fat black lady has trouble with punctuality
1,shit i just figured out my wife identifies as black....she's chronically late.  lol
1,the titles always follow up with yes really.
1,is exercise and a sensible diet racist too?
1,literally the one thing that's the least discriminatory in the entire world is racist.
1,the concept of tracking time was invented by the egyptians... wasnt it.
1,i think of time as belonging to the swiss because their trains run so well and they make fine timepieces lol
1,is this even a stereotype?  black people being late? in south florida we all know about cuban time but i didnt realize black people followed that clock.
1,paul's new site is fantastic!  every clownworld headline is hilarious!
1,im sure when its dinner time shes never late. or for any meal for that matter
1,ah yes. time. that force that affects us all without discrimination. so racist.
1,is that why they are always 30 minutes late? /s
1,being on time means many things in a professional environment. 1) you are able to commit and follow through2) you respect other people3) you understand deadlines and can meet them4) you know how to manage priorities and backwards plan5) you are a professional. time is not racist. its called being an adult.
1,journalists are trying to legitimize insane people that's why if i was rich i'd make my own news network that would 24/7 mock all the dumb articles the mainstream puts out. from 6% trust people have in them make em go to 0
1,honestly we should move to metric time
1,or and stay with me here people could just get the fuck ready leave early and fucking be on time!
1,the most racist invention is going outside therefore if you hate white supremacists and racism you should stay indoors at all times.
1,time is a fucking inanimate object!
1,"if bullshit had an ideology it would be leftist"
1,"time is racist lunchtime doubly so."
1,time is sorta created by movement of the earth in relationship to the sun which it orbits. eh ?  that's really outside the scope of race.
1,genesis: it takes longer than a 30 minute break to eat 20lbs of lunch.
1,soon: time does not exist. it is a social construct.
1,if as a white person i could own time there's a lot better things that i would do with it rather than wield it over black people.
1,if donuts were a race they would be white. and she ate a lot of whites.
1,it's only racist if you dwell on the past.  present & future are all equal opportunity.
1,cooper said that black people have a reputation for being late.  fine but time is not racism time is an absolute it doesn't pick sides. time just happens whether you like it or not.  but she is the racist because she calls black people lazy.
1,she wishes she had more time to eat
1,how can time be racist when scientists have said that time does not really exist? moe proof that the left is anti-science.
1,note:  associate prof....she's bucking for tenure and that means publish or perish even if it's stupid shit like that.  she throws in some intersectionality and she's golden.
1,as soon as i read the title i knew what was up.  she was late arriving somewhere and was criticized for it.  she then proceeded to write a paper viewing the topic through the only lens she knows.  "all of my problems are the result of racism".
1,apparently calories are racist too
1, [https://www.seattlepi.com/local/opinion/article/planning-ahead-is-considered-racist-1204942.php](https://www.seattlepi.com/local/opinion/article/planning-ahead-is-considered-racist-1204942.php) &#x200b;are you salting away a little money for your retirement? trying to plan for your kids' education? if so [seattle public schools](https://www.seattlepi.com/search/?action=search&channel=local%2fopinion&inline link=1&searchindex=solr&query=%22seattle+public+schools%22)seems to think you're a racist. according to the district's official web site "having a future time orientation" (academese for having long-term goals) is among the "aspects of society that overtly and covertly attribute value and normality to white people and whiteness and devalue stereotype and label people of color."
1,there is no such thing as colored people time only self absorbed individuals who dont respect other peoples schedules.  society needs time to function.  if colored people time was an actual thing  africa would be building great things albeit weeks late.  instead they have to bring people from the west or east to get it done.
1,poor girl probably thinks she does things for a living.
1,you know it will be good when it's written by paul joseph watson
1,these are also the same people that legit companies make the shadow heads of companies to appeal to the pc crowds. its not a coincidence that whites being the heads of companies and cp time are two very real things that exist.
1,she looks like she ate fat albert.
1,everything is racist with those people no matter what you do or what you say
1,i'm black and me and my friends make fun of this all the time if we plan something for 6 we ain't leaving until 7. lmao
1,what's up with all these laquandas and their medusa hair?
1,spend less time shoving food in your gullet and more time arriving on time you bloated type ii diabetus fat fuck. i bet her and abrams can really do a number at the golden corral.
1,hey this is not a joke.  i am a retired nurse.  shift report is supposed to start promptly at 0700 since night shift is on the clock and wants to get out at 07:30.  i used to work with a black nurse who was chronically 15 minutes late.  she would laugh it off saying she ran on cpt -- colored people's time. it threw the whole unit off and caused lots of end of shift ot.   my manager was too whimpy to address it since it was a black thang.
1,went from newton einstein curie had 24 hrs in a day too to time is racist.
1,looks like mc donalds must be racist too.
1,i always wondered if i had some black in me! now i know for sure. btw this background in racist. at least the letters aren't.
1,shuffles deck... posts article from a month ago.
1,welcome to clown world.
1,geez which definition of racism are these academic morons using?
1,what's racist next english?
1,brittney your name was appropriated from your white conquerors from the north.
1,honk honk 
1,apparently carbs are racist too
1,not a teacher..just a sad peice of shit brainwashing idiots.
1,i didn't realize clocks changed based on the race of the person that looks at them.
1,ah yes... rutgers. so glad my nittany lions beat up on them every year in football.
1,do they just look at random words in the dictionary and call them racist?
1,black people also have a reputation for talking non-stop inside of movie theaters. i guess it's because they all had to live in slave quarters and could not talk outside while they were picking cotton. so speech is owned by white people.
1,the very fabric of reality is a racist construct.
1,time doesn't exist  it's a human made idea to track down history
1,this isn't a problem exclusive to people of color. try living in an arab country or southern europe. it's a cultural thing. time is relative to many different cultures including european. from an american perspective time is valuable. to a japanese perspective americans waste time and showing up on time is lazy you should always be early. however in italian culture on time is when you get there. i've been around the world and it's a cultural thing. however that being said american culture demands you be where you are expected to be when you are expected to be. if you live in america you need to conform to american expectations.
1,everything but dr pepper and cheetos are racist to her.
1,why are they always ugly
1,tooth gap aside has anyone seen her and stacy abrams in the same room together?
1,somebody get this guy a coat!
1,holy shit is that blackface david cross?
1,looks like an indian-american pede. i will guess he is also a telugu-speaking guy(my mother tongue) from his looks.   idk just a guess
1,honestly what are african-americans motivation for being maga? is it because they are middle class and dont want oppressive taxes? i ask because the dems are hell bent on brainwashing african americans so im curious how a black man would come around to the right.
1,love the look of pride and satisfaction on his face.
1,great to see so many showing their true colors. maga
1,now that is some ridiculous bullshit.
1,losing the right to vote is the punishment for breaking the laws of our country. that used to mean something.
1,does **anything** these people say surprise you anymore?   "free college for all""the millionaires and billionaires are the problem" *says the millionaire*"free healthcare""universal income""80% income tax"
1,not a good look for the man who combs his hair with a balloon...
1,prisoners were removed from society for a reason. they cannot participate in society for a reason. they lose their right to vote in that society becasue they've proven they cannot abide by the rules of that society.  when they've paid their debt to society then we can talk about restoring their right to vote in that society.  this is called "common sense" not pandering for votes.
1,won't someone please *please* think of the poor benighted convicted child molesters and what *they* think their nation's direction should be.
1,i can just picture crazy bernie downstairs in his lab concocting all these batshit crazy plans like some sort of mad communist scientist.
1,will the inmates have to show proof of citizenship?
1,the reason he's doing this is worse than you think. it's his way of getting in good graces with blacks. because he's a racist liberal fuck that said it was racist to talk shit about felons.
1,so to leftists nazis aren't people but paedos and murderers are? i'm starting to agree what sort of wacko clown  world are we living in?
1,left wingers fighting like hell for the child molester vote. this is who they are.
1,when do the murder victims get back *their* right to vote?
1,weird that they want dylann roof to vote
1,on a positive note my wife was laughing and reading me the rants from her wealthy leftist clients on facebook who were disgusted by the idea of letting people in prison vote and saying they would no longer be supporting bernie or any candidate that agreed with this position.
1,dont forget the increased murder rates when people figure out they can get pardoned for killing the opposition.
1,i dont want a kiddy diddler decided jack shit for my country
1,does bernie self-sabotage himself from winning? he wants the attention but not the responsibility of actually enacting his proposals.
1, this ballon hair combing ass has lost what was ever left in that prehistoric cranium.
1,therefore taking your vote away leftists actually agree to this but dont want a rapist babysitting their children. as seen on a new katlin bennet video.
1,that is a lot of rapists.
1,america is so free and fair that democrats have no reasonable policies any more rip their party
1,bernie sanders knows that even if all socialists aren't rapists at least all rapists will vote socialist. i wonder if sanders will permit people in prison for tax evasion and bank fraud vote along side socialist serial killers and socialist boston bombers.
1,you think there is a study out there that shows what side they would vote for?
1,the feel when you're ideas are so much bullshit you need convicts to vote for you to get elected.
1,hes the supreme drooly retard.
1,the fact that the left is pushing voting for 16 year olds rapists murderers and reparation for their black pet voters tells me they feel they might not have the game rigged enough yet. or just hedging their bets.
1,honestly this might lose him the nomination. americans don't want this and it's too good of propoganda for the right
1,the real reason why bernie wants pedophiles and terrorists and murderers to vote is because 68% of prisoners are not white with 37% being african american and 22% american-hispanic.
1,why the fuck are democrats pandering to everyone but law abiding american citizens? seriously foreigners prisoners drug addicts illegal aliens... it is like they want to lose.
1,you are a felon you lose the right to vote. it is not an inherent right. you forfeit that right when you break the law and are convicted. it's supposed to be a deterrent to not break the law(s).
1,bill clinton could forever be mayor of many cities with a large prison population.
1,bernie supports toxic masculinity voting rights
1,im from china and in china if youre a felon youll be deprived of any political rights. well you can argue people in china dont actually vote but i think even china knows better than the radical left!
1,the left is going to really lose it after 2020
1,is he going to let them buy guns again too?
1,how many white supremacists does he want to allow to vote? there are a lot of those in jail
1,this makes me happy because it means they are extremely desperate.  trying to let illegals vote shows the same thing.  they know they are fucked if they can't pull these extra votes out of their ass.  if this weren't the case they would never ever try proposing such insane policies.
1,democ rats are doing everything in their power (bringing in illegal aliens letting murderers and rapists vote) to draw more support and votes to their side. this is unacceptable and should not be allowed at all cost.
1,never going to happen this is a distraction
1,those murderers and rapists are luck they are still breathing. forget the whole voting thing
1,this is such blatant election tampering. its something along those lines. trying to pad voter roles. theres so many reasons this is a terrible idea and a terrible platform to run on.   like im gonna trust votes coming from behind locked gates. this is ripe for fraud. plus criminals vote dem 7 out of 10. thats why they want this. fkin cheats
1,why do democrats assume prisoners will all vote  democrat? how many prisoners are we talking about? is it a significant number enough to throw an election one way or the other? i don't think it's worth talking about. prisoners lost their rights as citizens! they should be able to vote soon as they get out. why push this? democrats still use the "old ways" of controlling voters. to a democrat voters are dumb impressionable easily  manipulated people. can't you see they keep trying to lure the ones who cannot think for themselves? it work on blacks for decades. they got in power from the black vote. yet they've one absolutely nothing for blacks except make it easier to get on welfare and keep on it for life. that's it!  now they're trying to get the illegals and "brown people" vote. 16 year old kids. ban electoral college. this is not "good politics" at all. these are attempts to undermine and ruin our tried and true way of doing things only for their benefit. we had better get out in waves in 2020. if a democrat should ever win again i guarantee they will become the dictator and slap this great nation with socialism. they freely talk about it like it's some "wonderful deal". we know it isn't.
1,now the press will spend 2 years interviewing victims of rape and terrorism asking them if they think the person who did it should be able to vote and decide their future right? thats what they did with healthcare..
1,why would bad people vote any differently than good people? oh yeah because they're bad people.  bernie hasn't quite grasped that foundational fact yet. how can they not realize how stupid this is?
1,because all they have to do is get a state within the margin of error and the cheat machine takes over.  thats a lot of votes all for the dem candidate by the way and can sway an election.  and all from people who have proven they couldn't be trusted in the first place.
1,i mean literally if you give murders the right to vote their vote just replaces the people that they kill so to speak. they just devoid the world of one/multiple vote by just replacing it with their vote.
1,remember when something like willie horton was enough to damage a presidential candidate?  now a few hundred thousand felons potentially voting and bernie supports dont bat an eye.
1,harvesting votes from anywhere possible?
1,they gave up that right when they committed the crime to do the time.
1,a third of a million new democrat voters.... in a country where the margins can be razor thin.... let that sink in...
1,that was the nail in bernie's coffin. he was already done when he sold out to hillary and company and the shit with his money scams and summer homes and shit but that townhall was sooooo fucked up o.o he couldn't even answer the questions or stand up for anything he believes in lol.that was fucked :x
1,they are concerned when they are all locked up that they can still vote. /r/hillary for prison
1,and they can get the right people to apply some prison justice if turnout and the way was voted is not good enough. also rewards for doing the same.
1,bernie sanders loves rapists.
1,the democrats are truly the party of criminals. cant argue about that now can they? their next move? everybody anywhere in the world can vote too. all they care for is power. constitution be damned.
1,dem radicals will lose 2020 for the dems. and moderate dems don't have the cojones to stand up to them. el donaldo si getting tired of winning almost.
1,but but aren't republicans the murderers and rapists? my tv told me that! on a serious note i don't know if letting people in jail vote would actually help the democrats like they might think.
1,love when self-confessed socialists talk about democracy like it will be something that will still be around when they have total control. he knows its an issue conservatives will hate. that's why he is bringing it up. not as something he will do it's so they can use it against conservatives.  everything is a weapon to them. is it something they will do if one of them wins? nope. don't think people realize that whoever is the next democrat to get into the wh (even after two trump terms) is going to be nothing like what has come before. not even like obama. not even like hillary if she had won. as none of these people would be currently running and in kamala harris case. no one would know who she was. these people want to bring america into a new socialist age. kicking and screaming if they have to.
1,and jared kushner's dad.
1,how is it that a socialist is allowed to hold any office in a democratic nation.  this is what is totally absurd to me.  who elects them?  do we really want this?
1,thank you bernie very cool!^/s
1,just imagine the backlash trump would get if he said this just imagine
1,i'd bet democrats happen to know the ratio of convicted felons that vote democrat vs republican. i'd rather politicians stick to gerrymandering for votes over bringing in criminals and allowing our own criminals to vote...
1,voting used to be a privilege - now it is a right.  college used to be a privilege - now it is a right.  income used to be a result of effort - now it is a right.  citizenship used to be a privilege - now it is a right.  dems have destroyed all incentive for people to work hard and be better.
1,they will be trading their votes for doritos.
1,its laughable because neither r not d will do anything for these people but the ds lie to get their votes. much like the poor minorities they pander to for votes. theyre using them for power. its deceptive and immoral.
1,they should do a trial run first where they vote for their own wardens and prison guards first we'll let that run for a decade and assess.
1,this could have been the dncs egress plan for bernie. they dont want him to stir up the pot as was done in 2016 (former bernie bro he killed hrc in every debate). but yes pretty sure this is gonna be that token to nuke him from verbal battles with other dem candidates in a sense. playing field just widened with joe biden planning on thursday to enter the 2020 race can't bad mouth him right?
1,if you looked into it further he cites the fact that these criminals are counted as potential voters in final counts. its more like if you are going to use them for gerrymandering give them a vote.
1,voting is a privilege and they lost it when they went to jail.
1,bernie is 100% a fall guy again. you can't run on this and win. his job is to take one for the team to let others pass it to get those votes.
1,heavy prison population could control local municipal vote... cool
1,an observation: if you murder one two or three people who could have voted you have meddled in the election by denying others their right to vote - permanently. why should you then still be allowed to vote?
1,this will go one of two ways:the prisoners will vote mostly for democrats and the democrats will talk about how people in prison must be treated humanely and how important it is for them to be able to vote. orthe prisoners will vote mostly for republicans and the democrats will talk about how the republicans are the party of crime because all the criminals support them. similar to how they slander republicans as white supremacists because the kkk votes republican. either way it isnt good.
1,yeah this is not going to help them win the vote. this is a dumb thing for them to be support of. talk about career suicide....
1,it's funny that everybody knows murderers and rapist all lean to the left.
1,dont forget nazis kkk members and skinheads. how long until the left figures that one out.
1,bernie will promise to free them if they vote for him. he's just trying to get another block of voters.
1,why does it seem like every dem candidate is running on the exact same platform?
1,go look at the john ward video making fun of kamala harris talking to don lemon about this! its kinda funny if you like watching train wrecks lol
1,ah but to bernie and his ilk these are mere criminals. aka victims of an unjust system. his tune would probably change about people his socialist regime jails for disagreeing with him.
1,can you also imagine small areas where there are large prisons? suddenly the penitentiary is electing gang members as mayor. come on how dumb are these people i don't get how they lose 100% support from stupid ideas like this.
1,voting isn't a right it's a privilege. don't let these america-hating fuckers to use the word "right." people have a right to their life and their safety
1,this is all part of a problem that the left has been having for a long time now: the inability to differentiate civil rights from human rights. bernie's case for wanting to allow convicts to vote while in prison is the idea that "prisoners still have rights". the truth is prisoners do have rights but not civil rights. when you're convicted of a crime and you're incarcerated you give up your civil rights until you've paid your debt to society. prisoners have their god-given human rights but the right to vote is not a human right. it's a civil right. that's exactly why illegal immigrants are not supposed to have the right to vote either. it's because civil rights are reserved for citizens.
1,if this becomes law. you will see deranged d's murdering r's left and right. if 1 d kills 4 r's that's a net pickup of 5 votes for d's and that's all they care about.
1,voting from prison or jail would be ripe for fraud.  the presumption for bernie is that democrats would get more votes.  disturbing the things that democrats are willing to do to try to get elected.
1,what did al bundy do?
1,democrat platform 2020&#x200b;i wonder how leftist will defend this idea.
1,this makes perfect sense actually.  how else are we going to elect criminals unless we allow criminals to vote?
1,honk honk
1,in rural areas with low population and a prison  prisoners will be the largest voting block. prison voting : check16 year olds voting : check illegals voting : check dems have no shame when it comes to rustling up low quality votes.
1,so they want the votes of actual neo nazis?
1,these scumbags are lucky to be alive why the hell would bernie allow this shit?
1,are democrats admitting that most felons are democrat by wanting them to vote? that's rather telling isn't it
1,so would crazy hair bernie and kamasutra harris count the golden state killer as two votes since he is both a serial murderer and a serial rapist?
1,the leftist governor of virginia did it in 2016 and allowed all incarcerated felons in the state of virginia the opportunity to vote in the presidential election.&#x200b;make no mistake about it pedes these leftist cucks will do anything to get elected.  wait until the election rigging begins.
1,congratulations! you lefties can now win ca by 8 million votes instead of 7.8 million.
1,i don't get why this is a bad thing. punishment for crimes is prison time and/or a fine and being branded a felon. how is it not unconstitutional to remove the right to vote from felons? they aren't less american citizens than others.
1,so when murderers and rapists vote are they representing the county they're currently incarcerated in or the county they *used* to reside in or the county they **raped** and **murdered** someone in?  i guess that would be my question for mr. sanders.
1,would the vote count towards the state they lived? or the state they are incarcerated?
1,21st century rationalization: intact humans are sacred and should never be treated as chattle. but if you can disassemble a human into parts then you have marketable goods.
1,been saying this the whole time. it's about the organs.
1,who or what in the world would want/buy fetal livers hearts etc? makeup companies?  something else?
1,what do they do with infant organs? like what incentive is there to harvest that stuff?
1,abortion is murder and it's the most evil thing we've allowed to happen in our nation. we must put a stop to the murder of the unborn.
1,all humans are clumps of cells
1,disturbing their business model is rude and unforgivable.  their clients need the "raw material" to support their enterprise.  planned parenthood is a mining company for the pharma/medical research and certain witchcraft satanic groups. a lot of it also goes overseas.
1,i am against abortion 100% but why is everyone against being an organ donor? the person is consenting to have their organs be used to save others. am i missing something? are they not using the organs for life saving purposes?
1,what use do most people have for very small organs
1,this has been bothering me for a while
1,i saw a white lambo parked in front of margaret sanger pl. yesterday evening.  i have to wonder if they're connected.
1,trudeau: i may not always travel but when i do i expect a $10k per diem. what do i look like a farmer? spez: typo
1,thats a lot of pizza and hot dogs
1,>well uhh. ahhh. the middle class... uhhh.. expect the government.. uhhh... gender balanced cabinet... uhhh because current year... but we are always happy to.. uhh.. meet with the ethics commissioner.  - literally justin castro speaking at question period once every three weeks when he decides to show up.
1,that is one thing we never have to worry about with trump. he doesn't drink and a big mac value meal with diet coke is what 6-7 bucks?
1,a fully loaded a310 seats 250 usually. the canuck vip configuration i doubt sits that many. but lets say it does....&#x200b;250 seats \* 5 flights = 1250 people. &#x200b;$384000 / 1250 people = $307 / per person.  &#x200b;thats insane even based on steak house per person numbers. and no way that thing sits 250. more like half that. so you're talking $600 plus per person. must be nice to be on that flight. guys must be drinking ace of spades champagne and fine russian caviar by the handful.
1,jesus what a fucking useless cunt
1,that should read: trudeau takes advantage of free travel and heres why we should all be entitled to free travel. i mean healthcare is free and all. its not like like free really means someone else is paying for it.
1,how much of that "food" is like the 640$ toilet seats the pentagon bought
1,pelosi: "those are rookie numbers!"
1,this is socialism. elites plunder the working class and live the high life like kings and queens. no wonder they're smiling and laughing all the time.
1,might as well milk it while he can. his political career is on life support.
1,he's a pedo so he probably spent a lot on pizza with walnut sauce and fresh tortillas overnighted from mexico
1,revealed: trudeau rang up $384k in food liquor on only five flights that beats my record.
1,what are you eating and drinking that costs almost 79k per flight?
1,anyone remember when he told a veteran that there wasn't enough money for veterans?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0n-l74y hwt i
1,there's no way that isn't money laundering of some kind. it's impossible to spend that much on airplane food that's multiple years salary for a lot of people holy fuck.
1,i couldn't fly first class for a lifetime and spend that much. say it with me folks deep state shills.
1,real dollars or that phoney bologna canadian monopoly money?
1,can spend all that money but not enough to keep his eyebrows from falling off.
1,he really let the wifes boyfriend get out of hand this time.
1,you can't give kids a credit card when they don't have to pay the bill.
1,he's a globalist sellout no surprise there
1,canadian guy here - this literally happens every time the liberal party takes power in any level of government. inevitably a few years later we get these reports about lavish spending on personal luxuries. don't worry though we just watched ontario alberta and now pei go conservative. gas is $6.80 a gallon in bc right now which maybe enough to even sway those cucks into doing something. and the federal election is in november so we just have to bide our time a few more months.
1,how are they charged less than $2 for a bottle of wine?  are they single glass bottles or something?
1,from the story (not really):> the menu consisted of hot dogs & pizza from hawaii and pasta with walnut sauce.
1,fidel's love-child did what now?
1,if you gave me $76000 and told me *spend it on food and drink on this one airplane flight* id laugh in your face because surely such a thing is not possible. i dont think i could spend $76k in ten flights let alone $384k in five. but i grew up middle class. i wasnt born in the purple like trudeau.
1,wish we knew how many people were on those flights so we could get a better estimate of the per-person cost.  certainly high but how high?
1,really makes you wonder if they're just strippin the planes clean after askin it to be stocked to the brim. think about it order a bunch of shit for the flight bring empty bags fill up and $$$$
1,figures he brought a canadian indian chef for $17k to cook him indian food while his visit to india
1,fuckin rookie... i'd have doubled that if i had access to the peoples tab.
1,he is just a very hungry prime minister
1,i want to party with this guy and nancy pelosi.
1,the estrogen levels in his blood must be off the charts
1,well in my uh defense uh i'd uh like to uh acknowledge uh our diversity uh.
1,must have been traveling with pocahontas and pelosi.
1,$384k on booze and gourmet food? meanwhile president trump is happy eating mc donald's and drinking diet coke. it shows who's close to the average joe's and jane's and who's a disgusting elitist.
1,does trudeau like pizza by any chance?
1,apparently they eat great but drink cheap wine.
1,come on justin you can do better. that's nancy pelosi numbers.
1,unless this involves cocaine and hookers that is outrageous.
1,this is why i love my president he will just go to mc donalds kfc or chick-fil-a the dude gets it.
1,do canadians really care?  when's castreau up for reelection?
1,these fucks only want to steal from the ones who work. its a joke to them. in the end they are the joke and the punchline will hurt and be known for centuries. cant wait.
1,sounds like embezzling.
1,i can only hope that this hurts him in the upcoming elections.  but i won't be surprised to learn that most canuks don't know about it and probably never will.
1,does that include his eyebrow wigs too?
1,saffron hummingbird tongues with truffles foie gras and two sides of the white beluga. don't dawdle.
1,those are rookie numbers!  you gota pump them out up!
1,there is a reason the founding fathers wanted we the people to have the ability to literally hold a gun to our political class's collective heads. they had experienced life under an unaccountable ruling class; and were not eager to recreate it.
1,is this for his crew or just him?
1,disgusting libtard!! using our money to enjoy himself while the country is suffering.
1,fuck justin trudeau
1,those must be two prominent immigrants for such special treatment. but seriously though how much heroin you gotta carry to qualify for an armed escort from the cartel?
1,[a very big caravan of over 20000 people started up through mexico. it has been reduced in size by mexico but is still coming. mexico must apprehend the remainder or we will be forced to close that section of the border & call up the military. the coyotes & cartels have weapons](http://twitter.com/real donald trump/status/1121012339552194560)[mexicos soldiers recently pulled guns on our national guard soldiers probably as a diversionary tactic for drug smugglers on the border. better not happen again! we are now sending armed soldiers to the border. mexico is not doing nearly enough in apprehending & returning!](http://twitter.com/real donald trump/status/1121021160827887616)
1,arrest the armed us residents.
1,what in the fuck is going on down there???
1,so when does it become an invasion force when an armed illegal crosses the border? we know mexico is a narco-terrorist country. so why not just call it how it is already. i can't wait for the hardcore geotus to be unleashed when it comes close to the 2020 election.
1,how many chinese and russian troops are in america at the moment?
1,i seem to have a vague recollection of some old piece of paper that says something about militias but can't remember where i read it
1,this is prelude to war we sit back and watch while our country is being invaded without a single shot being fired. how many pedes are finally over this shit? i know i am. it's time to start treating this as an act of aggression towards the u. s. and it's citizens. we need our troops to engage.
1,this is an armed invasion.
1,this can't be normal illegals this kind of support would only be provided for prominent wealthy people or family of a cartel boss.. either way this is escalating..
1,just put a bullet in them the second their feet hit american soil.
1,m-1s and a-10s. back them up with ac-130s and ah-64s. that is just for the border with canada. send a more powerful force to keep out mexico central america and south america and to stop them from invading over the southern border and to stop them assisting other countries from bringing in drugs terrorists and weapons north from mexico.
1,b-b-but muh manufactured crisis
1,masked armed foreign nationals who have violated the us border should be shot with the intent to kill. change my mind
1,that footage reminds me of when i was in iraq. 10 seconds later.. hellfire inbound.
1,*"we were talking about game of thrones during the invasion."*historical quotes from the future
1,mexico is a failed state that we need to invade probably more so than any country we've invaded since wwii.
1,why would anyone immigrate to the u. s. legally when there's a greater incentive to come here illegally? i just learned yesterday on this subreddit that illegal immigrants can get what they call a itin number which is a replacement for a social security number.  it was signed into law by clinton in 1996 and the kicker is that the irs is prohibited by law from sharing it with the dhs. this gives illegal immigrants better protection than even the president of the u. s. because the democrats just subpenoed the irs to get president trump's tax records.
1,this is how drone strike footage is supposed to start.
1,keep building the wall!!!  more bricks!!
1,they got the non-rapey carry heroin option on their trip..
1,sooo...is this shit just going to keep on happening or what? do we even have a border anymore? looks like that fat tub of shit amlo is just sitting on his ass doing nothing about this stuff.
1,**this is a national emergency! trump declare war against mexico!**
1,if someone where to engage them what would come of it? someone is invading by show of force and the possibility of using it. even deeper to think what if the militia was hanging out saw those guys and engaged and say the cartel was killed. would mexico defend them them?
1,#this is a fantastic use of technology which is exactly what left is calling for instead of fences and i agree that its fantastic. however i fail to see how this fantastic advanced technology is helping with the prevention of those illegals to cross the border. **it appears that us border patrol would be expected to pick those people up and bus them to the nearest city to grant them citizenship?**##build the fucking wall
1,ban guns but keep the border open so these guys with guns can control them. noticing the agenda?
1,we have the superior technology. we can troll these fucks forever!
1,i was waiting for the drone bomb
1,nice job video recording border patrol... how about doing something instead of watching
1,if you can mount a camera you can mount a crows.
1,really glad that djt is aware of what is really happening more so than we will ever be. because it is a lot worse than what we see. cartels need to be declared terrorist organizations. drugs weapons of mass destruction. the recent arrest of jihadists who were going to contaminate water supplies in our country? what were they using? massive fentanyl as some busts have illustrated?  crush this before it gets that much more hideous. trump does not have a "niceness problem" when it comes to protecting americans.
1,mine the border after the wall goes up. call it the security perimeter or some cute acronym. cost effective and efficient lasts decades and decades with low maintenance.
1,this is a fucking state-level invasion. the us should be able to defend itself against armed thugs. what you think barrett makes sniper rifles to look pretty on a wall??
1,they bought the coyote deluxe package.
1,i posted this to fb because i live in arizona i said its either cartel or democrats funding this invasion.  most likely they are one and the same!
1,please tell me they were caught blacklisted and sent back.
1,unbelievable.  what shameful sham.
1,those are rookie numbers gotta pump those numbers up son!
1,should just finish escorting them to san fransicko
1,clearly theyre just dreamers! reeeeeeee
1,why the fuck are we not pointing every single  gun barrel south?
1,special border exclusion zone.  open season on anyone involved with trafficking using a firearm.  you already have the turret with a camera just add the gun.
1,brrrrrrrt ought to fix this problem.
1,we need to start a-10ing those fuckers. i want to hear that \*bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzt\*
1,i was banned from r/worldnews for suggesting a solution to this problem... a month later they invited me back but i declined the offer.
1,gotta make sure they take their little passport with them.
1,democrats will defend this
1,i was 4 wheeling and ended up in ajo mexico  .. never saw a border fence !  nothing
1,i want to say something about your current border "fence" it's beyond pathetic. that wall is only able to fend off sheep if there is any..
1,where's the firepower. why not shot on site.
1,these aren't the same people that met our border agents are they?
1,getting a video does not exist message. anyone have a mirror/backup?
1,they are not 'migrants.' they are 'illegal aliens.'
1,wow check out that impenetrable wall we already have at the border guys! the dems were right that this isnt an issue at all see how secure we already are?
1,drone the armed "escort" and see how long the others stick around.
1,how much would it really cost to put a tranq gun on that camera?
1,i watched that whole video waiting for the sound of a 5-round burst from a 30mm chaingun.  i thought yeah good for them waiting until the woman and kid were a safe distance from the enemy combatants.  i am disappoint.
1,call it what it is. an invasion
1,the cartels subcontract with the mexi military to provide security for the runs. in many places along the border the military is the cartel. those mexi military guys who disarmed and held our soldiers at gunpoint the other day? most likely working for the cartel. lots of folks are ignorant of this my leftist family included.
1,close the borders mr. president.  defend this country against the biggest invasion in our history.  treat these invaders as they deserve.
1,'stop the invaders or there will be battles held in mexican territory.'
1,if you actually defend your borders with bullets no-one will dare to sneak in again. the terrorists that fund these invaders should have their assets seized and put in jail for treason. a refugee is someone escaping their country to flee death and persecution. none of these people are refugees. and if you look beyond the photo pose the majority are always fighting age men.
1,what would the dems do if 20000 russians were marching towards our border?
1,the coyotes and cartels have *machine guns*.  ftfy. it almost like they are.......... an insurgent military force.  time for 82nd and 101st airborne to take 10 miles into mexico and hold it for our m1 abrams tank divisions.  who then roll another 100 miles and bivouac for a week with transport command making 24/7 air drops of steak and beer. then after this 'exercise' is done we go back across and see if mexico will then pay for a proper wall. cartel and coyote night time hunting licenses for all u. s. soldiers airmen and marines.  navy gets to play too with their jets helos and rail guns. if it is out at night and runs it is these bad dudes.  if it stays still when we go past it is a *well disciplined* bad dude.  "get some!  get some!  get some!"diplomacy is over mexico.
1,i can't even fathom how anyone who understands american civics and supply side economics wont support controlling our borders and soveriegnty.
1,of course they have weapons... eric holder made sure of that
1,hey trump. stop talking and close the damn border!
1,or we're just pretty happy with our lives
1,someone is paying for all this.  it seems like a rico style conspiracy to smuggle illegals.   payoffs all along the way.
1,lets see if he does anything about it. my guess? nah hell just tweet. most aliens crossing the border ever and it was one of his biggest platforms that he ran on! im starting to sour on this presidency as the action begins to die down more and more every week. i mean the economy is good now but with this huge influx of illegals itll be devastating in a short amount of time. anyone wanna convince me to keep on the trump train without saying ju st w ai t?
1,weapons visible in support of aiding illegal entry to the u. s.?  the military/cbp should be free to engage and backed up by close air support.  shouldnt matter which side theyre on if theyre within 100m of the border and heading the wrong way.
1,this is the most sensible statement that i've seen for a long time
1,just fucking invade mexico and clean out the cartels. done.
1,this is getting real especially with the earlier comment made upon the mexican army providing cover for smugglers.
1,hey man they're tricking us!
1,i think we're all about ready to take our yearly pto and head to the border to support the defence of our nation in any and every capacity.
1,call them up. its past time. and not the national guard. the marines army and air force! give them all warnings if you try to cross our border illegally we're shooting live rounds.
1,how many time have we heard that threat and seen that red line in the sand crossed? just do it.
1,what's with people and being "offended" by everything? so someone had a different opinion? it was also like 60 years ago. news flash: people had different opinions back then
1,its time to start covering every statue and plaque with a drape until we can decide what to do with them after their removal - unless we can organize an angry mob of ignorant college students who will remove by force. yes this is the way we need to handle these situations...the democrats/progressives/authoritarian/fascists have taught us well.
1,the only single **only** purpose of a society is to reproduce.  increase the population.  period. homosexual union does not serve this purpose. don't discriminate against homosexuals but don't encourage it either.
1,read martin luther king jr.s advice to a closeted teenhttps://hornet.com/stories/martin-luther-king/
1,he believed in a race blind society too - try saying that to a leftist in 2019 lmao
1,clay travis said boobs on cnn once and bimbo anchor nearly lost it!
1,absolutely!!!!! too racist for this enlightened age. all streets to be renamed "gay is holy street".
1,i prefer we keep our history and our culture.
1,if i sign up to replace the street signs do i also get hazard pay?
1,the left is gonna lose their minds when mlks complete file is released in like 2023 or 2025 proving him to be a fraud that plagiarized his doctoral thesis wasnt even named martin luther king jr hired white prostitutes and beat the shit out of them and was a communist.
1,if we're really going to do this it should be cesar chavez streets we go after. army street in san francisco was renamed cesar chavez street. let's get that piece of shit off of the signs and make it army street again.
1,at the time the science supported his viewpoint. it still does but we now know it's a spectrum with some small portion being naturally gay and the rest having a predilection toward gayness that is unlocked by varying levels of abuse.
1,if we're really going to do this it should be cesar chavez streets we go after. army street in san francisco was renamed cesar chavez street. let's get that piece of shit off of the signs and make it army street again.
1,this should be posted every day for a while.
1,i love clay. his book was excellent
1,idk joy reid got away w it.....
1,you're forgetting he was black tho.
1,i'm sure most people had that opinion or worse
1,*only applies to people with white skin or light skin hispanics.
1,protip: martin luther king jr. wasn't wrong.
1,they're too busy clutching their pearls over the possible 'islamophobic backlash' that this "easter worshipper" *incident* may cause.
1,no anti-gun talking points.
1,can we ban bombs so that will prevent this from happening again?
1,well according to the narrative this attack was a retaliation for christchurch. we are expected to believe that known islamic terrorists in a completely different country thousands of miles away did not want to do these bombings until the christchurch shooting. at which point they orchestrated all the planning to create 8 suicide vests and bomb several different locations and get it done on a rush because they only had 34 days until easter. the reality is islamic terrorists attacks on christians tend to be centered around major christian holidays like christmas and easter.
1,sri lanka has a population of just 22 million which is about a dozen times less than us population in 2001 so the loss of life to the country from this is worse than 9/11 from a percentage basis.
1,but alex jones is banned for h at e sp ee ch
1,damn 359 ppl. some things some people did
1,i assume all religions are dressing as christians in solidarity?
1,no muslims to defend and no guns to demonize. hence no story.
1,if all mujahideen are khawarij who are on the true path? - q&a - sh. dr. haitham al-haddad https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7lruuocm kk it was narrated from nuaym ibn hammaar that a man asked the prophet (peace and blessings of allaah be upon him): which of the martyrs is best? he said: those who when they took up their position in the ranks did not turn their faces away until they were killed. they will be in the dwellings on high in paradise and their lord smiles upon them and **when your lord smiles upon a slave in this world he will not be brought to account**. narrated by ahmad (21970); classed as saheeh by shaykh al-albaani in al-silsilah al-saheehah (2558).https://islamqa.info/en/answers/71284/some-of-the-rulings-on-jihad-degrees-of-martyrdom-and-the-life-of-the-martyrs-after-death this rhetoric and teaching in islam is how a devout and moderate muslim is made to kill. how many people are depressed and suicidal? blow yourself up for the sake of allah and go to the highest paradise next to the prophets. this is what is taught to men who can fight. the only argument is which sect do we fight for? there is no caliph. but if there is a caliph who the people accept and he calls for jihad... people would respond. they really truly believe this. some of them are convinced to die for allah easier than others. most of them are peaceful moderates but that doesn't change the fact that these teachings are real and they are enticing to people who are delusional and already enraptured by islam. praying five times a day is a pretty thorough way to convince people of anything and force them to submit. we have a serious threat to the entire free world. it is endless. it has been going on for 1400 years. it is still going on. and everyone wants to pretend it is changing. yet churches are still being blown up. innocent girls are married off. homosexuals are murdered for the crime of loving the same gender. journalists are murdered for being in the wrong place with the wrong opinions. media stations are burned for drawing cartoons of muhammad. the list is endless. [even the buddhists are pissed off.](https://youtu.be/qv eba aiy5b4)
1,so ugly even goats reject him.
1,this dude looks like an angry muppet.
1,simple ban bombs. let the government buy everyone's bombs back.
1,it's racism on their part pure and simple. they don't give a fuck since it happened in a brown country like sri lanka.
1,they covered it this morning on npr.
1,how many times you wants media coverage? all international media only coverages sri lanka  blasts i have not seen any other news except sri lanka blasts
1,and these people are voting in elections. god help us.
1,the white house is full of guns...dumb kids.
1,it's tragic how the youth has been utterly brainwashed. we have to take back the entertainment and media scene especially. music movies books tv big you tube channels are all controlled by rabid liberals and they brainwash the youth. we have to fight back. memes alone aren't enough. we all have to support a decent you tube competitor. is bitchute actually viable? are they cucked as well?
1,we...dont want those to be gun free zones ya dumb cum dumpsters
1,meh in my state my permit allows me to carry on school grounds and signs do not carry the weight of law. and while in college despite being a gun free campus i nearly always had one secured in a case in my backpack; it was against the rules but not illegal.
1,gun free? they got shoulder fired missiles and probably multiple rocket launchers hidden underground. those guys on the roof with binoculars and tripods aren't going to throw rocks at threats.  i was actually surprised a while back when two guys boarded af1 with m16s in the open. usually this is done more covertly which may not be a good thing. leads more dummies like these three.
1,til some people think the white house has no guns.
1,not all schools are gun free zones but these broads probably don't know that.
1,they never use facts.. not ever
1,i'll keep asking. why don't democrats support having an armed police officer on school property whenever classes are in session? oh wait thats because it would literally solve the problem.
1,once again clear evidence that liberalism is a mental disorder.
1,that kind of stupid should hurt.
1,ok to give this person every benefit it's most likely in the context of arming teachers. or it could be in the context of school shootings. then she would be saying either: keep guns out of my school or why aren't schools safe places (valid question). even with those benefits though the secret service and capitol police are the reasons why guns will never enter the white house. so there is no world where she is right other than the emotional reaction world where she just wants to complain about guns and say that trump is bad because terrible things happen and its all on him because he is bad and he said he likes the 2nd amendment so he is bad and h is orange so he is bad.
1,you should have wrote kinder gardens instead of school.
1,the white house is not a "public" area; it is the president's official residence.  everyone can restrict public guns in their home.  it is also filled with security.  people argue against public gun free zones like malls restaurants etc where there is no armed security and anyone can walk in at any time... not the same as the white house or most schools for that matter as schools are not "open to the public" to just come walk around and hangout.
1,white house is not gun free it's a definite good guys with guns only zone
1,even worse whenever you bring up the idea of armed security at schools they  scream and cry that they don't want schools turning into a military base or prison.
1,proteck me gubmint! these people are idiots.
1,"please tell me this is photoshopped."  /smh
1,i don't understand how people can be this stupid
1,school are not all fun free zones actually. my school allows concealed carry. which im very happy for!
1,dumb as shit whores.
1,all those guys behind them are just trying to get laid but little do they know that those girls are lesbians.
1,somehow psycho school shooters are trumps fault also.  lol.  these fruitcakes are mentally deranged.
1,if that was my daughter i would be beyond embarrassed by her behavior.
1,or maybe these libtards mean you can't bring your own gun to the wh even if you have cc permit? but can you bring a gun legally to most places of work? i guess laws vary on that. in any case these teen girls shouldn't compare themselves to any us president.
1,when is that knife control gonna stop it?
1,probably a little low on those numbers
1,can i have permission to repost this somewhere in the future?
1,trump should have purchased that balloon and made it into air blimp one.
1,probably a few acid attacks as well
1,must be a slow day if thats it lol
1,"i will pretend this city is a mattress in russia"
1,get ready for ramadan bombathon!!!!
1,it was a hoax designed to unseat a president.... a coup.
1,insurance policy that was instituted by the coup plotters.
1,to cover up. what if they spied on trump and others for many years? the dossier might've been the real insurance policy to give them a reason on why they spied. it was b.s. nontheless but they can somewhat legimitze the spying.
1,rosenstein for treason
1,we survived the coup. the tables are turning.
1,theyre desperate to cover up obamas illegal abuse of nsa database queries.  from 2012 onward they surveilled their political opponents.  this was necessary due to irs surveillance being shut down.  when holder got the irs to provide doj millions of pages of opposition research that was illegal.  mueller was director of fbi then.  comey was his #2.  theyre guilty and this is their means of avoiding accountability.  now if theyre prosecuted itll look like retribution for the probe.  a brilliant strategy maybe.  it cant be allowed to succeed.
1,it was a set-up.
1,#they realized this shitty fake story was their best shot at harassing the president. say it with me folks; presidential harassment.
1,it's sad that all of this has been reported over and over but we still have to listen to the lefts moving goal post bullshit... if we don't nail them after this god help us!  they will be embolden.
1,it's all to cover up obama's illegal fisa abuse to spy on politicians. they used 5 eyes likely uk and australia to spy on trump before they got the fisa warrant using fraudulent info and lies. worse than watergate.
1,so the russian meddling in our election is mere conjecture at this point since it was based on a "high to moderate confidence level." wtf.
1,clapper looks like an alien.  he needs to go to jail so he can be studied.
1,thumbs up to h. a. goodman. well done!
1,can someone explain to me why clapper sided with the faggots in the first place?
1,to interfere in the midterms. the dem house majority is illegitimate.
1,they were pissed comey was fired.
1,obstruction of justice by firing comey whom he recommended to trump to fire.
1,justice is coming for these treasonous fuckers.
1,the whole thing was to preoccupy trump with playing defense and being overly careful so they could run out the clock and get away scott free...they'll string along nonsense for 8 years
1,i love how the left says let it go and move on about benghazi clintons email scandal bill being a rapist etc but they wont move on from russian collusion and obstruction despite irrefutable proof from their boy and his team of angry democrats who combed through every facet of trumps life both personal and professional irrefutable proof that neither collusion or obstruction ever took place and they keep saying dig deeper. if a former fbi director and a team of investigators can spend 2 years and over $30m of taxpayer money and not find proof to indict how much deeper can they dig? while at it lets dig deeper on benghazi clintons emails and now lets get a special counsel to investigate the origins of this whole bs collusion witch hunt.
1,the entire two years of the social counsel investigation was spent trying to make a case for obstruction despite the fact that there was no underlying crime. the people responsible for this need to be punished and the tools who still think there is a case for impeachment need to be mocked mercilessly.
1,all taxes are excessive.
1,first they'll say "don't worry bro we just gonna tax the rich to pay for it." then when someone does the math and realizes that "taxing the rich" will not even begin to cover the cost of these programs they'll just stop talking about how to pay for it all while adding payroll and middle class tax increases in the fine print.
1,tax the citizen to pay for immigrants who benefit the most from the free services. they can populate more but we get taxed for it.
1,leftism: a plan for everything... and none of it works.
1,the original quote "imagination" also works well here.
1,how about ending the useless foreign wars which hurt civilians more than the actual enemies? the reason why us is the only developed country lacking these services is because us is also the only country that plays an absurd role as a world police and doesn't really care about its borders. trillions would be saved for other things. if you have a more nationalist country that doesn't constantly poke other countries you'll be able to take care of your own people. that's logical.
1,pretty much we will give 1000 to everyone vote for me!!!!!! we will tax you an additional 1200 to cover the 1000 in fees and to hire more state workers to process the payments!!!!
1,the plan is using modern monetary theory. basically it treats the money supply like an mmo economy with the government handing out wads of cash in grants and ubi (sources) and then taxing and fining the shit out of people (sinks). now riddle me this: name an mmo that used such a command-style economy that had basic money that was worth a shit. you can't because at high level play substitute items always take over since they have more real value to a player than gold ever did. this is what aoc learned in her economics degree from boston university. it's why when asked how you pay for her batshit crazy ideas she says "you just do". we would be back to a barter economy in months with the usd being worthless.
1,i want a large family and plenty of time to spend with them.  the democrats seek to deny me of this simple pleasure by making it cost prohibitive through excessive taxation.  these parasites are going to tear the country apart.
1,taxation is theft and the american dream is a lie. even if you work your whole life to pay your house and property off so you can be free of debt and enjoy life the government will come calling and if you refuse theyll take it. were slaves no other way to put it.
1,if only liberals knew how to cast spells from trump's magic wand
1,in the end you are left with the taxes as the services degrade over time or are canned.
1,even the most excessive taxation wouldn't pay for all this shit. every dollar in america couldn't pay for it all.
1,you need an economy to be able to tax people....... you won't have an economy for long under socialism.
1,did the founders not put a boot up british asses over this? 200 years sounds like a long time on paper but in reality its a grain of sand.
1,why do liberals tax soda? why do liberal tax cigarettes? why do liberals tax alcohol? they claim it is to discourage people from engaging in those actions.  if taxing an action discourages people from doing said action what's going to happen when taxes are raised on getting paid.
1,this is why the democrats want 16 year olds to vote. most 16 year olds have never had to pay for anything and probably don't understand income taxes very well.(not an attack on any 16 year olds reading this)
1,it doesn't matter how you pay for it.  the point is to purchase the vote not provide accounting details.
1,id argue we are already excessively taxed
1,give people who don't want to work money collected from thoughs who do want to work what could possibly go wrong...?
1,i dont think you guys realize that excessive taxation < paying for private insurances and tuitions.
1,the irony is that by purposely not saying christians they have brought more attention to the fact that muslims massacred christians.
1,libs love islamists globalism and socialism. is there any bigger danger to the usa than voting for a democrat?
1,and yet liberal christians keep voting for them. talk about a group of idiots.
1,what i want to know is how are these guys coordinating their messages. how is it that all high-placed democrats always have coordinated messages ready to go even using the same key words. everyone - the elected ones the retired ones and the ones in the media always instantly have coordinated messages.  who is in charge of telling all these people what to say?
1,crooked hillary like a lot of corrupt american politicians is deep in the pocket of the pious petroleum potentates who profess mindless mohammadanism. everywhere the news media is bought out by islamic interests. universities use saudi money to create things like "the free speech project" where moslem stooges are hired to tell a free people in the united states they are not allowed to say bad things about islam or moslems or blaspheme their pernicious prophet mohomet. buggers to that.
1,more importantly when they talk about praying for or wishing well for victims nothing bad can happen to christians. they don't want anybody to look at the tweet and go "oh poor christians!" on the flipflop bad shit can happen to muslims. they mention "muslim" every single time they tweet about some tragedy in regards to islam.
1,if normal voters start to ask questions like. "wait muslims are killing christians? hold on a minute. i'm a christian. why are we importing so many muslims? people that want to kill me?"it's over for them and their movement. so the use terms like easter worshippers to fool normal voters into thinking it only happens in some far off land. yes before you ask. there are lots of people in the world that won't see this.
1,it's the natural extension of alinsky's rules for radicals. it is important to understand your adversary.
1,my theory is that the globalists and the dems are using islam for a good cop bad cop play on the western world. they let the muslims play bad cop when anything jihad related happens while they play good cop. you better not make him mad... the whole purpose is to break the spirit of the people and induce them into a kind of stockholm syndrome to make them compliant and obedient. the left is partaking in a symbiotic relationship with radical islam. islam is allowed to spread and the globalists sit on top of a divided and weakened culture.
1,this is offensive to cube worshippers.
1,is it just me is or is town hall not loading properly? i've noticed this for the last week or so.
1,and who's handing out the talking points? they constantly use identical language on the same day media and dems. it's been going on for the last 10-15 years.
1,sharia law but with more steps.  they need those loyal to allah to replace christians for their master plan to solve their 'white people problem'.  like the 'jewish question' that hitler was faced with.  seems like a bit of irony....
1,there are three very bad things that have happened to the united states of america since the year 2000:-the election of president george bush jr. -9/11-the election of president barack "censored middle name" obama
1,it's "newspeak". there is great power in words and so they seek to redefine them causing a division between the people that understand the true meaning of the word and those that understand the newspeak meaning. never shall they unite as the two sides will not be able to communicate due to irreconcilable differences in the meaning of words. they want christ and everyone that follows him isolated from society. to do that they are going to try and remove the words that identify the concepts from the liberal lexicon. this was the coordinated rollout of another phase of their social engineering plan. buckle up.
1,it's simpler than this. the left operates on a victim hierarchy where oppression flows downhill. islam is below christianity in the victim hierarchy (because of bush and trump and the crusades 1000 years ago) so they can never be acknowledged as oppressors nor can christians be acknowledged as victims because victimization only flows downhill not uphill.
1,i think the rule is actually slightly different. its nothing christians/white people do can be promoted as good. and nothing christians/white people experience can be experienced as bad or a hardship. makes it quite easy to see how demonrats will respond when framed in this manner.
1,revealed obama has someone else tweeting for him. not a surprise. teleprompter-in-chief never wrote a thing for the harvard law review either but took the title as the head of the organization.
1,> essentially the left's rule is that nothing bad -- no matter how true -- may be said about muslims or islam and nothing good -- no matter how true -- may be said of christians or christianity. but why?
1,the saddest thing i've heard all week!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! how does a pede re?  i'm re'ing over all this...
1,because they are anti-christian...
1,they were essentially calling christians pagans i.e. hypocrites  in order to delegitimize christianity as a religion. the attacks on the churches and the fear mongering by the msm is intended to instill fear and doubt in weaker christians to avoid places of worship. what people need to focus on is that of the three semitic religions judaism christianity and islam this is only ever done to christianity.
1,ugh. how about you stop giving a fuck what these morons say? anti american liars say disgusting stuff? color me shocked. fuck everyone seems more concerned with the language known traitors use than the victims of the attack.
1,these messages are tailored to their base who do not want to be told that christians have been attacked by muslims.  they want to hear that muslims have been attacked by christians because it fits their worldview.
1,this world would be better off without islam.  thats a fact.
1,they were making fun of the people who were killed! you get that right? hrc and bho are the actual easter worshippers! they worship satan and therefore ishtar mother earth. where easter originates. hrc has been practicing witchcraft for at least 40 years. it's part of her bio. in books written about her and bill.
1,theres a deeper explanation: they call us christians easter worshippers because (many of us) out of ignorance dont realize that easter means ishtar and is a pagan holiday in honor of a pagan god. the satanic elite understand that those who worship their pagan gods even unknowingly are subject to them and therefore legitimate targets for satanic ritual sacrifice of which this bombing was an example. god says my people are destroyed for lack of knowledge.
1,i do wonder when and what will spark "hockey mask time"?
1,good thing we're still around to say fuck islam fuck mohamhead and fuck his followers.
1,holy shit he looks bad. bill too!
1,wondering if bill is stoned or catatonic.  he always seems to have that expression.  also having famously gone vegan is that a leather jacket?  inquiring minds want to know....
1,when you drop acid and wander the fairgrounds
1,hard to believe that this was probably the most powerful couple in the world!
1,i'm getting more of an austin powers vibe from hill pill....
1,why is just about every picture of him with his mouth hanging open.  even during mc cain's funeral the mouth just hung open like a venus fly trap.
1,you would think with all their money they'd be able to idk not be half dead?  bill is a walking corpse and hillary is just fat and looking like a man.
1,are those the anti-seizure glasses?
1,"wow man this is good shit i've been tripping balls since '69!  i was a dog who could fly then i was president.  it all seemed so real then you were gonna be president too and that's when i knew i was trippin and none of it was happening.  is woodstock over yet?"
1,i'm sensing a dowager dragon empress of china vibe in her sartorial choices...
1,aids is kicking bill's ass.  he used to be so vibrant and full of life.  now he is just a walking corpse.
1,man i would really love to punch both of them in the face.
1,i didnt think segal was doing that bad that he had to auction his wardrobe...
1,the walking dead makeup department really outdid themselves last season...
1,bill is amazed that she can still walk on her own
1,there are so many funny memes posted on this subreddit. they should be cross-shared with r/funny.
1,bill is in lala land. what kind of disease does he have? he looks horrible.
1,almost never see those two together.
1,bill looking real ghoulish.
1,bill is a members only(r) guy. no members for hillsbian.
1,you'll be hard pressed to find a picture of bill from the last 10 years without his slack jawed mouth agape. he looks like he's had a lobotomy.
1,this map is incorrect. oklahoma is the only state that went completely red in 2016. this one has like 8
1,this map is not correct.  cali and texas has more blue counties at the border on the actual map
1,this is not accurate.  i live in chicago.  trump didn't win the collar counties.
1,this is one of the (many) failings of not teaching civics & government in schools anymore. younger generations don't understand how and why a constitutional republic works. but by all means let's get those islam and transgender classes in the schools! far more important.
1,this map is wrong. here is the correct one[2016 by county](https://i.imgur.com/o2e xit8.png)
1,look at hawaii... what a crap shoot. lets fly the immigrants there.
1,yeah this map is wrong in a lot of areas. the county i live in definitely went blue but shows red on this map. lets not engage in this same shut that the libs do.
1,our cities are infested
1,if dems had their way they would only campaign in la and nyc prisons.
1,its clear that this is fake lol.
1,hypotetical question what hapoens if 95% of people live in 1 - 5 state and the other 5% spread across the other states? say the 95% state votes for party a and the other states allvote for party b. according to electoral college party b would win right? but 95% of people voted for party a? is there a rule/clause for this would there have to be a change in voting system? how would that be worked out?
1,i see why leftists are so worried about global warming now all their shit is coastal lmao.
1,map is wrong. please make sure its correct before posting. its not hard to get something off a quick search
1,that map shows you the travel corridors of illegal immigrants and communist university strongholds in plain sight
1,my area in central pa went blue. who made this?
1,dems are takers reps are givers its a constant balance between the two. what dems dont realize is if they win and create a society of takers all that red will stop producing what those cities need. the whole system will fail. reps want the blue to work hard and be self-sustaining while giving a fair shake to the red. thats how you create a prosperous society. its too bad so many people think we need their tech and apps more than they need our food and produce.
1,erie county ( nw pa ) was red.... this map has it blue =(
1,electoral don't exactly fix the problem because its based at senator (2) + house of representatives (based at population) to totally fix the problem it would need to be based at voters that went to vote.
1,the spoiled people in city's think everyone else in the country as slaves who deliver their starbucks & avocados.
1,cockroaches nest together
1,can someone just redo this map all red please?
1,we need to get busy that map has way too much blue.
1,what is happening is that we are seeing how deep this problem goes.  we have politicians on both sides of the aisle that have sold our country's sovreignity to mexico.
1,didnt some mexican "military members" disarm us troops at the border?
1,cartels or heavily armed coyotes.
1,they upgraded to the first class non rapey heroine smuggling options when planning their trip north..
1,this is outrageous. automatic asylum denial if you have a squadron of armed guards to bring you here.
1,we're being invaded. they have conquered entire cities and states without firing a single bullet and we let them.
1,our military is deployed all over the world to protect other countries and their borders...but its a huge problem to expect them to defend our borders.  utter bullshit!
1,where's our marksmen at?
1,seems like one side is already at war. drone strikes please.
1,we dont need to ask questions like we dont know. better to correctly call it an invasion.
1,"nothing is going on. there is no crisis. ignore what you are seeing and hearing on other channels. everything that really happens you'll hear from us"-cnn probably
1,well when an **armed** us militia starts to defend themselves against an invasion guess what ensues?
1,cartels are getting paid to smuggle ppl across.
1,so it seems that militia in new mexico is needed after all.  this is a direct threat to our freedom when people are entering illegally under armed escort.  i believe the term for this is invasion.
1,gangs armed by obama's #fast and furious
1,they spelled slavery wrong. these are slaves.
1,it's almost like cartels are profiting off illegal immigration.
1,the mexican military has been aiding drug cartels for years. this isnt new.
1,so it is an invasion. military on the border a10 the crossers.
1,are they crossing into the us or into mexico?
1,yeah... thats been happening down here for years.
1,cartel smuggling.. bad hombre's are loaded with ak-47's
1,cattle ranches have more secure fences than the border of our country. wtf?
1,sooooo......our national guard is currently not armed on the border?
1,libs: omg it's so dangerous for them they need armed escorts. we must help them!!!
1,those are all 2020 democrat voters. that precious commodity needs an escort. we might want to dig out barry's predator drones.
1,probly fucking cia escorting in future "terrorists."
1,> homophobic  racist and violent attack they are all black how would this be racist? one engaged in sex acts with smollet.  what a homophobe!
1,a week ago or so smollett made some remark about filing suit against cpd.  anyone else hear that?
1,> earlier this month smollett was sent a $130000 city bill to reimburse the cost of the seven-day investigation into his assault claims. the actor refused to pay and is now facing a lawsuit from the city to recoup the costs plus damages. ha!
1,i hope  if smollet  goes to jail he doesnt drop the soap
1,wait one of them sexually assaulted him during the attack? this whole thing just gets more and more confusing. and i'll bet that's by design.
1,if these guys were white they would be toast by now. even if they merely happen to be on the same block as the attack. and jussie would go along with the whole thing. the guy is scum
1,they participated in a hate crime aimed at generating even more violence from the africans against white men.  good chance they do hate white men.
1,they hated white people enough to take money to villify them with a hatecrime hoax.
1,homophobicengaged in sex actsthey better win this fucking lawsuit. i'm rooting for them. i know they planned a hoax but for them to be the patsies and smollett to get away is abhorrent.
1,bet anyone here five dollars this lawsuit of theirs is paid for by smollett's team/chicago insiders somehow in order to both blow smoke and confuse the issue.  hiring a bunch of actors to accuse each other of nonsense is a great ploy - their profession is to make a script look realistic after all.
1,they are nigerian. they could never go back if they allow these claims to stand.
1,like the nlc meme this stupid fucking clown world won't stop being true.
1,lol... this is spinning out of control. so jussie paid him for sex?
1,racist..........? if it was true. two black people attacked another black person....... so not a racist attack. also i never heard about him (smollett) being raped. this got thrown out of court? clown world confirmed.
1,jessie should really have just stayed home that night....what a dishrag.
1,i'm surprised anyone could get it up during that polar vortex.
1,sad honk...
1,i immediately think of that curb your enthusiasm song when i think of smollet.
1,amusing. if i had sex with a woman and she attacked me wearing blackface i think that i would know if she were black or not.
1,yes. all of this will never be as fun again. and all of this will never be as personal for me. its been beyond amazing. watching this guy get slammed over and over again by all the forces we hate and then watching him win those republican debates win the nomination win the debates with his "you'd be in jail." line and then in the face of 65% 85% 98% for hillary he wins the race. the man is just goddamn refreshing. we need this as a country. certain people in this place have gotten too high and mighty too disconnected from reality preaching ideologies that don't make any sense at all. trump ran on reality tptb run on denying it as much as they can. it was so beautiful to see him win. i prayed for him. i wanted him badly to win. obama's second term was one of the worst stretches of my life with the last six months before election night being the worst stretch of them all. i was stuck in a far off city for half a decade; i was broke broken as a person isolated miserable. the few friends i had were not really my friends. if nothing else the beating trump was taking from everyone in the universe was something i could relate to. its amazing that i'm still around on this earth considering how far down in a bad place i was. but trump was there too. on election night i was in a stoned and drunk stupor watching the results come in by myself in my apartment. i passed out with the tv on. there is no memory of where i passed out or how far into everything it was. and i woke up to trump winning pennsylvania. i think i missed the entire night except for the very best part. and i rejoiced. i cried tears of joy. i jumped up and down in my bedroom and had to nearly strangle myself to stop from cheering. i had prayed and believed and predicted against just about everyone and everything i knew and i had been right all along. sometimes i feel like i'm dreaming that something so off the wall awesome and cool could happen and that there were millions that felt and hope just like i did. three weeks after trump won i left. i went to a new corner of the country. went from a major major blue city with millions of people to red-state small town america over a thousand miles away. everything got better. i mean everything.
1,more terrified than sad. he's the only thing between us - a tyranny and world government.
1,i watched trump win on the tv in my office above a gay lgbt night club i worked at. they had a viewing party and any time hillary won a state everyone would roar so loudly i could easily hear it over the music. moods were extremely high until they realized trump won. i walked downstairs and everyone was crying as if they lost a child. good news was that we were going to sell a shit ton of alcohol no matter who won/lost. i also won $200 that night. hehe.
1,2025*well get 19.5 days in 2025.
1,i am sad that the republicans will only have some weak limp wristed globalist neocon democrat submissive selected for a replacement. i hope the donald hand picks a successor.
1,hes not a bastard hes a family man.
1,do you realy have to remind me....  it's like reminding someone that they are going to die
1,i wish it were possible to reset the clock back to 2016 and give this man back the two years that wretched hillary and her taint-licking sycophants stole from him but i know better. despite all the ridiculous bullshit trump has worked at his normal pace something that has never been understood in the 20hr a week clown world known as congress. im good with that. pedes enjoy this time in your life. enjoy the good laughs you get from memes trump tweets salty tears and media meltdowns. more importantly live your life and spend time with those most important to you. the left is trying their hardest to make this a miserable time something they do every time a conservative is in office however this time its both left and right. dont fall for the medias bullshit dont fall for your municipalitys bullshit. they only focus on the negative (tent cities starving children etc) only when a conservative is in office and memory-hole them when a leftist is in office. remember: eternal victims like the left remain in survivor mode the rest of their life and seek to recruit others to that mindset. we choose life we choose living. we dont carry our kids full term so that they can survive we bring them into this world so they can live.
1,its ok alex jones will get elected after him #jones2024
1,wait untill he's left office. then the fun really begins. haha
1,yes.  i am scared about the future of the country after he leaves.
1,its a crazy thing to think that hell be able to make it 8 years under such abuse it amazes me he has made it this long im a young healthy fella and i doubt i could still be going as strong as him god save god emperor trump!
1,im terrified they will steal the election in 2020 and go full fucking insane with gun grabbing open boarders and freedom destroying
1,i think it would be great to have nikki haley take over after trumps second term.  the other side would implode because the republicans would have the first female president who is also a first generation american.  she is also a strong badass that has called out the hypocrisy in other nations.
1,i fucking love trump.
1,kinda sad? i'm damned worried for the usa and the world!
1,on the night of the election i was at a star studded hollywood election party doing my best to look happy then concerned then deeply troubled then horrified as the orange man bad took state after state. as the night wore on the stars left and it was just me and an open bar. i ordered a double johnny walker blue on the tab of (insert famous hollywood person) and cracked a single smile. it was one of the best nights of my life
1,i just hope people will not vote democrat after he is done and the republican party will have a competent player2016 was a joke and a shitshow apart from trump everyone was a vapid hollow of a fart
1,yes... a little concerned what we have left to choose from in 2024... maybe one of the kids will run (i would still vote for pence but i'm not sure he's got the personality to win)...
1,i am but he is teaching us to win. it's absolutely amazing what he has survived and endured and who comes next knows they will need the winning lion spirit to prevail.
1,it makes me sad but also nervous. hes the only man stopping this country from going full blown socialism that the left supports.
1,trump has to destroy them to protect his grand kids
1,can he be pence's vice president in 2024?
1,my hopes is that when he leaves office our us government is not the center of our lives and thing upon which money healthcare jobs fees and taxes all hinge upon and make large impacts on our life. i hope government moves into the realm of being mostly irrelevant in the day to day lives of people. low or no taxes low or no fees low regulation no wrangling of authority over things such as health care.&#x200b;build roads provide the military basic services. lower the burden on the people and stop being a part of my life government and taxes.&#x200b;hopefully we reach that point by the time trump leaves office and hopefully that form of government is restored to the usa.
1,maybe the trumpster has someone in mind for us that we havent thought of yet!
1,i'm still hopeful that don jr. might run later!  it won't be quite the same but it will still be great!  (make the future great again!)
1,i can't think about it.  it's too depressing.  i'm too busy enjoying my maga high.  why are you harshing my mellow?
1,2025! dont cut it short!
1,we should amend the constitution so trump can have a third and fourth term.
1,according to liberals he will never leave tho
1,hopefully trump will use his apprentice skills to find a proper replacement trump isn't a cuck he'll handpick his replacement and back them in the primary to the max.
1,were going to elect don jr. then.
1,but 2024 is so soon 
1,im gonna say it. i want him to run again in 2024 and i want them to amend the constitution to allow it.
1,given who is waiting in the wings on the left i'd say i'm more scared than sad. trump's election is the only thing that prevented the us from becoming european caliphate 2.0.
1,immigrate here please.
1,lamenting begins when his eight years as president is over until then rejoice and carry-on!!!
1,from canada: we had just been defeated a year prior in the canadian election and we had a year of mr. peoplekind.&#x200b;i knew trump would win provided it was a fair election. i did not have hopes of it being fair. i expected hillary to win by like 2% and then the media was going to circle the wagons for her. then.... at around 1am that election night trump had basically won with a landslide. &#x200b;man i pumped my fists in the air!!! and from then on my journey from atheism back to god started again.
1,pretty much since day 1. but if he can set up a worthy successor the good times can continue.
1,it will be similar to when robin williams stepped away from the mic in good morning vietnam
1,we have other people out there that would be great replacements for trump after he's gone in 2024 but we have to be careful to choose the correct guy. i'm hoping ron de santis is considering a run for president in the future.
1,i refuse to think about it.
1,i think of this more than i probably should.
1,the regressive non-liberal left only knows how to fail. they've wasted the last 3 years on self-destruction. the more they talk the sooner they all hogtie themselves. truths have come to light on a steady stream while they expose themselves for the losers dividers and haters they are. people have been leaving the dem party in droves beginning with dems for trump during the last election. independents have zero reasons to vote for dems. and * brad parscale is president trump's campaign manager this time around.
1,i hope trump jr. take over in 2024
1,hopefully we will have learned how to stand up for our selves by then.
1,im scared that someone might get through security and harm him.  i live near the white house and i see his increased security.  simultaneously im relieved he has such good security but also it seems like they regularly get threats and beef up security.
1,i just hope the next prez doesnt just undo all he did.
1,i'm hoping by 2024 the world will have woken up and we will have another republican president that is even more based than trump.
1,the thought of this makes me so triggered right now.  im literally shaking.
1,ideally pence will get elected in 2024 and trump will be his vice nothing would make me happier than 16 years of pepe memes and triggering liberals
1,yes thats why theres don jr.
1,that is the glorious thing about america. we have a memelord in the whitehouse but we aren't stingy. we want the whole world to enjoy his antics right along with us. it's pretty much a surefire way to determine how much fun they are at a party. if they can't laugh along when trump trolls they are probably a stick in the mud. works on every continent i have been to in the last several years
1,i own a factory in kuala lumpur malaysia and go there once per year to see new r&d ideas and to "keep face" with our factory personnel.&#x200b;furthermore my mother set up a cruise with my sister her family and i in the mediterranean in the summer of 2016 during the election.&#x200b;during all of my trips over seas i heard far more enthusiasm for trump than against him.  the news and media tries to lie like usual but the truth is definitely not what they are saying.&#x200b;progressives are going down the world over as more and more people see them as authoritarians bent on controlling everything they do.
1,we are witnessing and living through the biggest scandal in american history.  and it all started with one crooked woman who always got her way. damned everything and everybody else. money corrupts not just their being but their soul too. once on a roll they're hooked. one last roll of the dice. too many recovered gamblers will tell you that they felt invincible "it's always one last time. then you lose everything". when this is all behind us and the dust settles there's going to be a feature movie made to cement this story in time and history. our children and grandchildren and into the future people will watch this movie and think "wow! that  poor guy"! "that evil bitch"! those corrupt people who are supposed to be the good guys".  the bitch could easily have lost with dignity and take her "foundation money" that was stolen bribed and swindled and just bought an island to retire to. all those millions. and she could have gotten away with it all. if she didn't roll the dice "one last time".
1,rand paul/dan crenshaw 2024!
1,yeah and who will take over?
1,don't think of it that way he's inspired so many other  patriots. basic principles.
1,sad that a unique truly fascinating historical figure will be moving on yes.  but i think he'll leave us with a suitable successor ...won't be pence
1,8 years (*4 years at a time*) that's it. i expect him to leave when that is completed. technically it will be jan 2025 so we got that to look forward too! he's been a great president and has made me happy to have him leading our country. maga!!!! and thank you president trump! :)
1,the greatest president of my life time - i am not even kidding.
1,he gets two year tacked on the end by default because of the baseless uniparty false charges.
1,the best thing i've ever seen in politics in all my 54 years  i hope he gets the chance to complete his and his teams work
1,dont use foul language to describe my beautiful president.
1,they sure do cher. now why don't you use this opportunity to really look at the other shit your party supports. you may find you aren't on the side that supports your beliefs.
1,one coat please. someone has taken the red pill.
1,incoming reeeeeeing over "red pilling"
1,so cher is about to get institutionalized lol
1,that's the only outcome of a culture that has to constantly push boundaries and for which enough is never enough. everyone has a limit. even the craziest crazy on their side will one day hit a point where they have to stop and say "woah wait maybe we shouldn't go *that* far." the more they push the more people don't feel welcome anymore. there were 10 in the bed and the little one said "death row convicts and terrorists should be allowed to vote" so they all rolled over and cher fell out.
1,mike rowe to cher : "right about now i bet you are wishing you took the blue pill."  rowe needs to come out for one side or the other.  he smells a bit of a socialist rat like cypher in the matrix movie
1,batshit bernie is the anti-hero we need right now.  thank you slanders for red-pilling the sjw queen!
1,so far left that she went right
1,someone give this woman a brick !
1,cher is still awful. according to her twitter yesterday she "rather be dead than red". i think she is in the midst of some programming errors.
1,womp womp!
1,*if i could turn back time**i'd give my vote to you!*cher now probably.
1,> he is fighting every day to protect the people from thugs crossing the border. she's not wrong
1,president trump contacts underage girl house screams to impeach! ~legacy media
1,trumps message to this girl:i was honored to learn that you selected me as your hero for a school project the president wrote. your heartfelt and longstanding support means a great deal to me. i am proud of you for standing up for yourself. everyone deserves to receive the same care and respect we give ourselves he continued. i encourage you to always be yourself and keep making your voice heard. there is no one else like you and our countrys bright future relies upon your leadership!&#x200b;this is what leadership looks like by the girl and our president.  &#x200b;well done to you both.
1,wow. i love that he sent her a real letter instead of tweeting at her parents. and the god bless you at the end. an american hero.
1,this young girl will continue to fight for what she believes in especially after being recognized by the president! president trump loves america!
1,2012- you got a letter from obama? way to go! a+!2019- you got a letter from trump? you racist little s**t!
1,best.  president.  ever.
1,biden follows up with a house visit to said girl
1,trump really does care.  he really does.
1,gotta love that name. bella moscato has to be a brand of wine lol
1,now that teacher just made trump a hero to her entire class.  liberals always be shooting themselves in the foot.
1,im starting to get the feeling that italian americans are the most based americans.
1,just fire those teachers...
1,>donald trump is fighting thugs coming across the border this girl definitely does not have a soy dad.
1,not even close to peak. honk honk fren.
1,[very friggin cool!!!!](https://twitter.com/valeracci?lang=en)
1,teacher should be fired. we need to start clearing out these maniacs
1,i remember an interview with an editor or writer at the onion and he said they wen through a period where they had a hard time coming up with parodies because the real sites kept running similar stories to their parody ones.
1,*honk*
1,you know the shit has hit the fan when the onion's headlines make sense.
1,i wish it was nothing but it's usually a net negative.
1,the satire part is they didn't actually announce it. the truth is they still do nothing.
1,sometimes they are spot on lol!
1,sometimes reality is the best satire
1,since when is paul krugman a new columnist?
1,womp womp
1,>will contribute nothing to society that was a big reason i decided not to study journalism years ago.   boy was that a good decision.
1,kind of like when chelsea clinton got paid $600k/year to 'work' for nbc?
1,the left uses the onion as a manual
1, wow she flipped on that quick... it's almost like she just a parrot and none of her words/beliefs are honest.
1,she got the poll numbers so now she has an answer.
1,"it's a conversation we need to have" no... it's not. they are slingin' shit to see what sticks. what a sad way to search out a platform.
1,they need things to run on so they are floating out these crazy policies to see if any will stick. just shows that they lack a plan.
1,at this point they are just throwing shit at the wall to see what sticks. there doesn't seem to be anything of substance except these far left plans for reparations daconian gun control and taxpayer funded... everything. it's like they are all trying to outdo each other for the most exteme positions possible.
1,she flips faster than she flops.
1,too bad idiot voters will fall for free shit!
1,next thing you know shell want to form a government agency to pick and choose which felons can and cannot vote.
1,this will kill bernie if it comes up in the debates
1,this cunt is the reason californians cant buy any handgun made after 2000 because they dont have "micro stamping" technology. guess what?  it doesn't fucking exist. fuck her. bitch
1,its almost like these idiots are beta testing ideas in real time.  if they are trying to find whats popular they will be shocked when they sound exactly like the sitting president when they are done.
1,i feel that bernie is just being used as the test cuck for the upcoming primaries."people like you for some reason. say this about murderers and see how they respond so we can craft our responses to whatever is liked most."once again bernie is someone's bitch.
1,democrat politicians are proud they have more in common with prisoners than they have with normal working americans. maybe it's the fact they both make a living stealing from the same taxpayers.
1,this is their new "moderate"
1,unbelievable to see how crazypants and self destructive the democratic party has become. a thoughtful 12 year old could design a better strategy.
1,she zigs!  she zags! she flips!  she flops! she sucked willie browns cock!
1,she sucks. so does pocahontas.
1,they have 0 narrative no platform  nothing positive going for them. na na na na na na na na hey hey hey goodbye!
1,god i cannot wait for the demo primary debates
1,well that was a quick "conversation".
1,i can't believe that fascist and crooked prosecutor kamala harris is working even harder to disenfranchise victims of the judicial system.
1,we gotta go on twitter and talk about how there are actual nazi's and skinheads in prison and that would mean they would now have the right to vote.
1,stealing that name 
1, she's not necessarily flip-flopping she's a-b testing. kamala is smart. plus i hear she gives great head.
1,i give it a couple days for her base to have the shakes. minor at first before they get to the highs.
1,i want a career where i can start on my knees and eventually work my way on to my back.  this girl has it down.
1,"wait which way are they voting...  alright i'll go with that"
1,good thing she regained her commonsense. i heard that she was quite tough on crime.
1,slut can't make up it's mind. what a surprise.
1,can you imagine being so dumb that this wasn't your initial opinion?  how stupid can you be?
1,ie "i dont have actual beliefs of my own i just say what i think people want to hear."
1,too late bitch. that's like saying "nevermind i don't think we should legalize murder."you're done kiddo you blew it. pun very much intended.
1,so out of touch with the world that she's flipping because it's what she thinks people want to hear. pathetic.
1,she flipped her position even quicker whenever willie brown asked...
1,i find her unlikable. her look her voice her laugh her pandering her past etc.
1,dems are just flavor of the day whores.  no real thoughts or opinions.
1,whats everyone else think?...... i change my answer! ........ yes! that is bad!
1,say anything she can to get what she wants.
1,amazing what polling data does when you have no original ideas or moral convictions.
1,it must be strange to have no moral compass.
1,changes her tune every day
1,we should have a conversation first
1,uh oh npcs having different opinions?&#x200b;the mob must rule with a uniform programming.  so will bernie backtrack too or will kamala be scarified?
1,what casual voter is going to think that giving criminals the right to vote from jail is a good idea? no one is. once a person has served their time? fine. death sentence and true lifers will never finish their time. so they don't get to vote.  this is one issue that will cross the lines with moderate voters. both sides would agree. but when you talk about the far left crazies? anything is up for grabs. bunch of fucking clowns.
1,see this is what happens when you just say whatever to get elected rather than have a set of principles you are running on.
1,wow that was one helluva fast "conversation"!
1,what a fascist white supremacist
1,why don't democrat try it with their primaries?
1,how do these people even manage to stand without a spine? must be the stick up their arse. when people flip like that it shows that they have no principles. and you don't want people without principles anywhere near positions of power.  they don't stand for anything (for again they have no spine) and just say what people want to hear as long as it gets them to where they want to be meaning that this position itself is what they crave the most. makes you think "what for?" and that's a very good fucking question.
1,another trial balloon shot down.  rather than actual real policies to help americans democrats just fling shit to see what will stick to the walls.  how this one even made it out of committee demonstrates just how out of touch the democrats really are. but then i'd expect nothing less from the party of crime.
1,sorry but if youre behind bars you should be stripped of certain rights and one is voting.  to me if youre there you have failed society and should be punished by losing rights that law abiding citizens have.
1,i love when i get asked why i call her "heels up"
1,she sealed her fate with her talk of using an eo to take away gun rights.
1,her heels are up and she's wearing flip flops.
1,at least she's consistent...??
1,i hope she wins the primary. hillary 2.0 without the name recognition
1,heels up is soooo funny!! whore!hahahaha
1,i will never understand why democrats fight so hard for all of the evil and bad people in the world like terrorists thugs gangbangers and all other manner of degenerates. if only they fought half as hard for law-abiding americans.
1,crawfished like a motherfucker lolol
1,these power-hungry monsters want to decide who gets to vote and who doesn't.  never mind the fucking constitution.
1,did these idiot dems finally look at the poll numbers for that insane position.  they sure as heck don't have opinions of their own.  it must have been backlash from thier own constituents that made her do a 180.  even ditzzy cher was screaming about it how bad an idea it was.
1,she realized her and bernie were being set up to throw the primary.
1,she starting her flipping job early i see.
1,these dipshits have no principles or integrity  whatsoever. they will say or do anything to anyone at anytime if it gets them power.
1,they have no platform. just whatever they think people want to hear.
1,all of the swamp creatures are worried about losing their voting rights when they get locked up.
1,she had a conversation with her handlers none if the ds do well outside their own regional bubbles
1,i personally think votes are for the people who form the civilisation and community. they should together vote for what the country is going to do next.  criminal scum is not part of that so why should they get to vote?
1,**in some deep dark dungeon / dnc command center located under a pizza parlor.....**&#x200b;"ok lets float this trial balloon and see how the media and public like the idea of getting felons vote. you know we need all the votes we can manufacture create or pull out of the rear end of a small town mayor in indiana."&#x200b;***trial balloon sent***&#x200b;**back at the dnc command center/pedo commune....**&#x200b;"back off the "let felon's vote" its a non starter! lets go back to plan a "how many ballots can we stuff in the trunk of vinny's car for use on election night? tell philly more dead people this time!
1,when you take the honk pill you are rooting for the night king.
1,real picture of a leftists donating 10$ to their left wing charity project.
1,white liberals see themselves as shepherds leading the way for minorities.
1,when they can't get a girlfriend so they fish for race bait sympathizers to try alternative avenues.
1,i live in the dc metro areathis is the without a doubt as true as that donald trump is your president
1,someone photoshop in alyssa milano's head.
1,muzzie propaganda. dnc in bed with cair.
1,it seems this has been gaining a little steam. over the past few days there have been post on r/askreddit talking about non offending pedophiles etc.
1,same bitch that talks about how important history is has no problem ripping down statues and rewriting that shit. keep this dried up old cunt the fuck away from the children.
1,something like 90% of all teachers in nazi germany were in the nazi party.
1,that woman's body language is screaming "don't question me and my authority.  give me your kids and i will teach them as i please.  i have power."
1,honk honk. 
1,its time we cut off money going to california. they get way more than they put in.
1,it's not surprising that the left would push this as a way to legitimize muslims and other cultures that engage in this disgusting shit.  for fucks sake some people in mexico are marrying girls as young as 13!
1,can i get a transcript of this vider perhaps someone? i do not have the time or resources at work at the moment and would love to hear what this parent (?) has to say.
1,at a certain age kids should be informed of this reality by their parents about how wrong demented and fucked up it is. so that they know that it is dangerous. it is not an orientation. its a demonic influence that doesnt need tolerance or be discussed lightly. pedos and beastiality necrophiliacs need to be locked up permanently.
1,the final exam is to survive a week-end at your pervy uncle's house.
1,feces on the street diseases everywhere plus measles outbreak homeless  on city streets law re; plastic strawssky high taxes gas prices uber- gouging levelsexcuses for teaching pedophillia to children.                what else am i missing?  { oh yes the years of california being on fire litterally.}
1,#the only good pedo is a dead pedo. pedophilia is not an orientation. it is a developed fetish an adult acquires for the power exerted over a child. it is a developed fetish for the suffering of children. it is a developed fetish for the morally depraved and socially unacceptable. go ahead and argue genetics or abuse in childhood all you want. it's a cop out and wrong. your genetics and upbringing can load the gun but your decisions pull the trigger. these subhuman pieces of shit make the choices they do and they deserve nothing but a death penalty for it. i have zero sympathy for any of them or their enablers.
1,do they teach rape in high school? that's been a part of history.
1,i'm in ca with my first child on the way.  it's either private school or home school 100%.  it's clown world ground zero here.  we don't have to tolerate it.  these people are cowards.  confront them and tell them no.
1,originally homosexuality was the act of having sex with someone of the same gender.  it has been changed over time into an uncontrollable desire to have sex with someone of the same gender.  no normal person wants to think about 2 dudes having sex but if they can't help themselves then they become sympathetic. this normalization of pedophilia is following the same recipe.  first they change the definition of the word from being the act of raping a child to being the uncontrollable desire to rape a child.  of course the term pedophile -- a lover of children is already a marketers dream because calling it what it is child rape would never be sympathetic.
1,time to revoke california's statehood.  back to a territory until they behave. if they fight it we make a neutron nuke drop on s. f.  problem solved.  those people aren't american anyway.
1,i have a box of brass "pills" that travel 200 ft a second and 100 percent cure pedophilia
1,is infidelity a sexual orientation yet?
1,sickening to hear this...worst than i thought.
1,liberals be like: history can be whatever i want it to be
1,the cia was invented to destroy people like this. prove me wrong.
1,kick california out of the union
1,she looks like satan
1,that lady looks like satan in a wig
1,anyone have a mirror? these vids never work for me
1,another large step by the left to try to enter that sodom and gomorrah territory. if it ever gets that bad in this country ill be praying/begging for god to go ahead and expedite the yellowstone caldera eruption.
1,this will cause violence if this happens. believe that.
1,i thought there was no way someone would actually be defending it...........................................................................................................................................................
1,from my grandfather not to have attended schools for the public and to have good teachers at home and to realize that this is the thing a man should spend lavishly on. - marcus aurelius
1,did you really record a video on the internet with a cell-phone and repost it while vertically filming who's grandmothers posting here?
1,this is why i long for armageddon.
1,i keep saying it! this is the goal of the democrats. they want to legalize and normalize pedophilia. not only that they want to groom our children to accept it.
1,diabolical stuff courtesy of the democrat party.
1,womansplaining.... it is what it is horseshit.
1,theyre trying to numb the publics mind about pedophilia so islam doesnt seem that bad when they try to become the majority
1,there is *barely* anybody in the audience...typical...low-opinion; small-thinking; minority-mind...making themselves *appear bigger* than they *actually* are. that is why the looney-liberals 'control' the mainstream media...they are a lot smaller group than we think but the media *magnifies* their presence...and 'effectiveness'.
1,how many anti-trump bots did they shut down?&#x200b;let me guess--none.
1,>	twitter shuts down 5000 ~~bots~~ **conservative accounts** for ~~retweeting the mueller report~~ **continually demonstrating how fucking stupid liberals are.**ftfygiven how many conservatives are censored and deplatformed by twitter every day i doubt even a *single* bot was shut down.
1,i thought geotus met with the owner of twitter yesterday? was it to see hoe much of a liar the owner of twitter is in person?
1,lol i'm totally sure they're totally bots guys. surely real people weren't discussing the mueller report they were told not to!
1,wish i were fly on wall with jack dorsey meeting..... hey jack why are you screwing with the republicans?????
1,i was one of those bots twitter now wants my mobile phones number to reactivate my account. fuck you twitter it was nice knowing you.  spez1: [proof](http://magaimg.net/img/7tnu.png)
1,before i got banned from twitter for making my account an npc i was twice suspended for activity that was suspicious for automation (botting). the first time was after i made the account and followed trump and a handful of conservatives. i guess that's how they define a bot.
1,when will reddit remove the liberal bots?
1,meanwhile liberal bots flourish
1,did jack do that on his way in or out of the mtg yesterday
1,5000 pro trump bots == real people who are guilty of wrongthink
1,he hasnt won 2020 until he wins it. until then get your lowers gentlemen. if dems win congress and the white house the 2nd amendment will be dismantled.
1,any guess as to how many of those bots are not bots but actual conservatives falsely flagged as bots.
1,i thought the ceo was in the whitehouse a day or two ago? what was that even for.
1,why do we care? fuck twitter gab is so much better
1,looks like yesterdays meeting with dorsey was super effective.  /s
1,bots are annoying as fuck on twitter they should be banned left or right
1,ask them how many pro socialist bots and pro anything else democrats they have closed in the last few years. doubt they ever do it.
1,don't ever get too comfortable and please go out and vote. we saw the reddest state in the union alabama vote for a democratic senator. georgia and florida came inches from having radical leftist governors. trump needs us to do a better job of getting out to vote. jeff sessions seat should never have went to a democrat.
1,100000 socialist bots still going strong in /r/politics.
1,and it's still ongoing. they have not stopped their coup attempt. the full force and power of the law needs brought down on all their heads.
1,it's what the fbi does best. they have a limited bag of tricks which are mostly hey let's go talk to someone and see if we can get them on record of a timeline of events from years ago. oh boy. the guy said something happened on july 26th and it was actually the july 23rd. offer a deal to make stuff up on his boss or we will charge for lying to big daddy government. meanwhile actual criminals can't be caught cause the criminal cops are busy playing politics.
1,100%. it was falsified evidence and nefarious people used to make the appearance of collusion look legit.
1,i just bought deep state target by george papadopoulos. he was just on fleccas talks and i never realized how insane and far-reaching this situation is
1,ag barr must get to the bottom (or start) of this entire shytestorm.   "...on april 24 2016. over breakfast in a london hotel a maltese academic named joseph mifsud allegedly told papadopoulos a volunteer adviser with the trump campaign that the russians had dirt on hillary clinton".[https://www.realclearinvestigations.com/articles/2018/06/25/the\_mysterious\_seven\_preludes\_of\_the\_fbis\_trump-russia\_probe.html](https://www.realclearinvestigations.com/articles/2018/06/25/the_mysterious_seven_preludes_of_the_fbis_trump-russia_probe.html)
1,detectives came to our estate to investigate our continued trespassing complaints to uniformed officers.  we described the person as an old white male late at night in the area at the same times and that he was seen dumping nails and weed killer into our road side topiary/s."yeah we aren't going to help you with that we are more interested in how long you have lived here and if you went to the university of blank."here we are long standing property owners in the area showing on video that an old white guy is trespassing to vandalize and they only want to catch us in a lie. gave them the exact date in the 1980's when the estate was purchased and that no we didn't go there but you like to fit in when everyone else in the area wears that logo so that is why we are wearing their clothing right now it is sold at a discount to push their brand. when you are a mixed race couple (appearance not actually) the race purists really don't like when you point out their (ours) race's crimes the ones they are committing to drive you to panic sell and leave 'their' township. so we swallowed our pride admitted we are not 20 anymore and we did not go to the liberal supremacist alma mater. ego is not worth lying to the police over maters that have nothing to do with the property crimes in question in this day and age of entrapment. we learned right there to call the state police from now on if we need help.
1,being the shit storm to the table
1,so i guess weaponizing the fbi doesnt always work huh hilary?
1,well of course.  this is the nixon strategy.   it doesn't matter if there is a "crime".  the point is to create an investigation and the trap the target in a technicality.
1,unfortunately in the us this is meaningless.  the courts have watered down entrapment to be meaningless.  for an entrapment defense the accused has to prove that they would not have committed the crime given the opportunity if the cop hadn't of tricked them into it.  it is almost impossible to prove and cops set things up so they can say "if i hadn't of been a cop and the exact same opportunity happened he would have committed the crime."  the only thing it ends up defending against is a cop saying on video "i'm a cop and you better commit this crime or else" after you refuse to commit the crime.
1,the 5th amendment exists to help prevent entrapment.70 hours interrogating one man and he will commit a crime.
1,interesting position. the constitution is pretty vague on what constitutes a "high crime or misdemeanor" but it definitely doesn't say "impeach the president for any or no reason if you have the votes". if the supremes can weigh in on the meaning of "shall not be infringed" we can at least ask them to clarify what would rise to the level of an impeachable offense under the founders original framework.
1,also all 30 dems who were in office during the clinton impeachment trial voted "no" on the obstruction of justice charge. that includes nancy nadler mad maxine etc. so even the dems by precedent don't believe that obstruction rises to the level of an impeachable offense. also there was no obstruction in this case anyway.
1,##do not cooperate##do not give them a single sheet of paper##ask them to justify their investigation to the supreme court##iow fuck you!!!!!!
1,don't wait for "if" mr. president.  they attempted a coup they spied on you for years under knowingly false pretenses and fake information they obtained from the dnc. call up a special investigator and give him the mission to put the democrats behind bars.  if you don't retaliate then the countless crimes of the left will go unpunished.
1,**i like beer**
1,##**my *favorite* president**
1,he is holding one card that he hasnt used. he can declassify all the documents if it comes to a full blown war. the people should also organize mass protests in dc for the first ever coup attempt being done in the us history to take down an innocent us president.
1,well good the sooner the better to clarify this impeachment nonsense.it was retarded when they did it to clinton and impeachment pursuit has been nothing more than ridiculous partisan political war waging during an existing executive branch term - **this hurts the country and the elected executive branch functioning**the supremes should clarify exactly what constitutes (and doesnt) an impeachable offense. it isnt if the potus wears a tie you dont like or sends a mean tweet. there have been many articles written by scholars on what the phrase "high crimes and midemeanors" means. scotus should clarify for the good of the country. and they also should spell out that it is not the function of the legislative branch to go on 4 year investigative expeditions to try and find any such crimes they can shoehorn into this definition (which is what happens now and has happened with every actual power transfer in the last 50 years - notice i say actual because the clinton-bush-obama terms were all 1 actual party  in reality).
1,i wonder why he hasnt gone there yet. it can't be constitutional to search for crimes. it can't be constitutional to get taxes for him his entire family and anyone related. it can't be constitutional to have endless investigations with no crime.something has to stop
1,this is why we put a non-politician in office. finally a conservative that will fight back!
1,dems are trying to get a lot of mileage out of the "i'm fucked" quote from the mueller report. that quote appears in volume ii of the report (page 78). that quote came from jody hunt who was jeff sessions' chief of staff. **evidence for the quote**: the citation for the quote are hunt's "contemporaneous notes." the creation of these notes are an effort to get around the rules against hearsay by squeezing into one of the  [exceptions to the hearsay rule](https://www.law.cornell.edu/rules/fre/rule_803).  we are apparently supposed to believe that people like hunt were sitting in these meetings *furiously transcribing* what is being said word for word and by hand as though they are stenographers. either that or they were surreptitiously recording the president of the united states. or... after the meeting they created notes containing the statements they ***wanted*** to have been said in the meeting. james comey is now well-known for that tactic. his "contemporaneous notes" are treated as conclusive evidence of what was said at a specific place and time. **context for the quote**: the quote was allegedly made during a meeting on may 17 2017. that's the day that jeff sessions recused himself and rod rosenstein appointed mueller as special counsel. [the day before](https://clintonfoundationtimeline.com/may-16-2017-opinion-robert-mueller-did-interview-president-trump-regarding-obstruction-case/) (may 16) president trump actually met with robert mueller and rod rosenstein in the oval office. the mueller report makes no **direct** mention of this meeting. but... the report does indirectly refer to the meeting on page 65-66 of volume ii. on page 66 : >at noon sessions rosenstein and hunt met with mc gahn and white house counsel 's office attorney uttam dhillon at the white house. ^(421)the **report claims** that this was noon on may 8 2017. but it wasn't. according to footnote 421: >see gauhar-000056-72 (2/11/19 memorandum to file attaching gauhar handwritten notes) ("ms. gauhar determined that she likely recorded all these notes during one or more meetings on **tuesday may 16 2017**."). unfortunately the report omits the fact that **robert mueller was also there**... the day before he'd be appointed as special counsel. all the people who were in the room on the 17th had been there as well. this provides us with a pretty important understanding of what was going on in that room and why the president had cause to be upset. he had just been officially thrown under the bus by everyone in that room... the same people who just one day prior told him that they weren't going to do that. they were all telling him one thing (in the oval office) while running around the west wing to get the special counsel set up... against him. that's insane.
1,keep fighting president trump!  i am behind you 100%
1,trump is doing this so that the sc will define obama's sedition as high crimes. (coup attempt)
1,the dems are using the impeachment narrative to disempower votes for trump in 2020. it's about optics not truth or evidence or any such rational logical thought. they are schoolyard bullies who want an audience for their malevolence.
1,1) this is illegal its discrimination   2) get woke go broke
1,there are plenty of willing soibois in melbourne in a cunt drought bigger than the simpson desert willing to virtue signal for a root. the fact is they sold overpriced shit that simply wasn't fit to eat. and none of the other cafe's nearby charged a tax based on gender. guess everyone chose to eat better for cheaper. poor service poor food and a poor business model did for it in the end. capitalism at it's best. but it does give me a few business ideas for the vacant space. like a bbq and steakhouse that gives a 20% discount on steak and beers for dads with more than 2 kids. that'll get their panties in a twist
1,the world has gone mad!!!  what's next?
1,gee a radical lesbian business didnt catch on with **normal people?** im shocked. (im not.)
1,that's about $5300 in sales. this isn't a brag it's a beg. no wonder they failed.
1,hates men tries to look like a man. liberal logic.
1,they don't live in reality.
1,stupid idea for a restaurant! why not just bring back segregation too? stop dividing america!
1,sometimes i think these are failing businesses looking for a hail mary. they know the media will be all over anything anti male or pro commie so they get one last hit of customers before closing. thats just my guess tho.
1,as m night shamalamaramadingdong would say what a twist! i personally never saw it coming. did you?
1,all the men had to do was identify as women. nah fuck it. go bust is better.
1,ha place was vegan and the company touted its ethical and ecologically conscious practices  such as abandoning take-away cups single use straws and napkins by  shopping locally and supporting women owned businesses.  wtf
1,go ahead be a victim for perceived equality so woke.
1,this is what hapoens when you open a business without the main intent of making money.....  shit its hard enough even if you have that goal in mind.
1,this new wave of racism and sexism needs to die. its now under the guise of being woke
1,proof that 1964 civil rights act was bullshit and everyone knows it. it'd never get enforced in favor whites or men and anything it was a bullshit overreach of government
1,if i went in there i would just identify as a woman and not pay the tax!
1,it was not immediately clear why the safe space for lesbians and women is closing but the cafe has faced widespread backlash in the past.. seriously.. are people really this stupid or are they just avoiding stating the obvious?
1,simple just identify as a woman and watch them go nuts.
1,can we order a gender neutral "womp womp?"
1,they did this backwards. they should have charged women an 18% surcharge after all for centuries men have picked up the tab for women. (though i never understood exactly why)
1,give preferential treatment to half of your customers while ripping off the other half... greeeeeeeeaaaaaaaat business plan. bravo. are you surprised?
1,so when you shit on people and treat them as second class citizens they wal away?  wow facinating findings.  did they assume gender when somebody entered the establishment?  did they charge blacks the same as white?
1,odd the sign says 21% not 18% which is even higher. if that's true she only made $909 off of men before tax. assuming each meal is $10 that's under 100 men! not a smart business plan by any means.
1,so many questions.1. does she identify as a male?2. if so does she charge herself 18% for any purcahses?3. does she charge any of her female friends who identify as males or does this only apply to ones who are bilogically males?
1,when you fight discrimination with discrimination
1,i call bullshit on raising $1100. not a chance.
1,look how smug this sjw doing that pose.
1,get woke go broke
1,i bet the $1100 that goes to a womans charity means it goes right in her purse.
1,that 18% difference in pay includes billionaire males. take those away and its about even.
1,um... "forcing" people to pay extra is not what charity is supposed to be...&#x200b;but leftists are retarded so...
1,lmao get woke go broke. i can just see the freshmen intro to business class. "so professor how about we implement a two tiered price scheme and change the culture in our store to make half of our customer base feel alienated! no no no but hear me out we will make those changes will be in response to a thoroughly debunked theory and the social justice street cred alone will make our business boom!!!  what do ya think?"
1,liberals: we want equality also liberals: this is a place where women reign supreme
1,if she hates men so much then why is she trying to look like one?
1,yikes. is the concept a woke reverse harem gender bend cafe?
1,change the word and concept man to black and youd have a civil rights atrocity
1,sit and spin feminist fuck!
1,isn't this discrimination? the left is regressive.
1,wow imagine that treat half your customer base like crap and make them pay more and they don't support your business who would have thought that you would soon go broke.
1,the law of unintended consequences strikes again.  do these morons just not have the power to think things through.  take a step outside your echo chamber every once and awhile will ya.
1,weird that they use a ginger dude in their photo. some people discriminate against gingers because they don't have souls but i thought they were raising money for chicks not gingers.
1,why wont women have sex with me??
1,18% but says 21% on the sign. even they don't know their stupid myth.
1,i want portlandia do to an episode on this. they were filming in a feminist book store for a few episodes to make fun of them. took the book store a long time to realize what they were doing haha
1,i bet all the womxn who go there look manly and visa versa. hipsters love their irony!
1,i wonder how much that red headed dude paid for his soy latte.
1,why do women who hates men try so hard to look like men? i'll never get that.
1,quite astonishing how hillary had the balls to say "if it were anyone else they'd have been indicted". madame benghazi uranium one who paid for the steele dossier and chose to never even acknowledge that rather important fact that her campaign paid for that 4chan meme riddled piece of fanfic.
1,and facing s firing squad
1,rino's are not fundraising off this i've gotten a dozen email from dems to fight not 1 repub in in my state. only conservative who mails me is trump. it's the trump party rino's get on board.
1,dug should have been done in the 90s.
1,no not jail.... only gitmo!!!
1,what about just jailed?
1,i would pay money to see her and soros executed.
1,they're ignoring it probably because the scumbag is a muslim.
1,remember the you tube headquarters got shot up by a crazy leftist yet nobody talks about it.
1,sunnyvale = silicon valley.  its a really nice area.
1,some people did something!motives are unclear :(
1,sunnyvale...that's where steve jobs and woz grew up and started apple.
1,coulter's law in effect.
1,don't worry folks fbi is on the case!
1,because it's just part and parcel of living in a big city.
1,the article with his identity was at the bottom of the one you posted. https://fox8.com/2019/02/10/suspected-drunk-driver-runs-over-9-people-on-a-sidewalk/
1,if not an illegal
1,one thing for sure the person is not white.
1,inb4 common sense car regulation.
1,i bet i know why!
1,shep just said the driver said 'praise jesus " after.  of course shep liberal hack.  he says this before knowing the whole story.
1,i live near sunnyvale and i believe is was a muzzie
1,sunnyvale police cpt. jim choi said the driver of the car was arrested and has been identified but that his name is not being made public to avoid compromising the investigation.https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2019/04/25/world/crime-legal-world/fbi-aids-probe-car-plows-eight-california-pedestrians-apparent-deliberate-act/#. xmc9vz bkibw
1,well if there's no information on it i'd rather them not run anything.
1,they are waiting to find out the race before reporting. they keep making themselves look like idiots by reporting shit wrong so now they will only report after they know it isn't an illegal or poc
1,what i'm waiting for is the left to use this as another mass violence attack that becomes a call to ban "assault weapons."
1,fox 8 in cleveland is by far the best local news in cleveland.  much less biased than the others.  i know a camera man in one of the others and he openly hates trump loves obama and lets the world know it.  he occassionally does reporting too but not on political stuff at least.  no unbiased reporting there..... no not at all! regardless fox8 in cleveland is ok.
1,never walk into an airport like that
1,americans don't run. we fight. we conquer. we live free.
1,oh my fuckin gobs! no no no this cant be real!
1,i would laugh harder but then the sadness of truth sets in...
1,theres no fucking way they did that
1,when someone shows you who they are believe them the first time. -maya angelou
1,context please? where is this and...why? just why? this can't be serious lol fuck me.
1,is this work of sabo or an actual marketing campaign?
1,this is disgusting  capitalize the i.
1,for the girl on the left it's a metaphor. for the one on the right it's a vest under her t-shirt.
1,this has got to be intentional. how the fuck does this happen accidentally?
1,twitter is a microcosm of what it would be like if liberals are able to gain power.  intelligent and centrist liberals have handed over their voices to the progressives in their party who are increasingly radical. additionally rather than listening to the content of what people say they have deferred the power in their culture to the alter of intersectionality -- the higher on that pyramid the greater your power. within their own sense of righteous indignation they have created a fascist culture in which opponents are silenced and people who fall inline are valued but people who push the line even further left are promoted.
1,why are you on twitter or facebook? they hate you don't give them your business.
1,hey twitshit.  hire me.  i'll let you know all day how shitty and sjw your felonious policies are!
1,fbn was impressed with dorsey this morning. apparently he eats once a day  walks five miles to work and that's why he's a great ceo.  whatever faux. damn business news has become inside edition blowing kisses to leftist sociopaths..
1,never trust someone who shaves their middle side burns in between their beard and hair.
1,i work for indeed it's the same here.
1,hobo looking commie sack of dog shit.
1,leftist lexicon:far-right = non-bolshevik
1,i'm not far-right pretty much middle of the road. not really a christian. what i am though is pissed off that our so called leaders call them easter worshipers and we allow a group of people that have been waging a holy war since the crusades to continue to exist. i mean for fucks sake one of them is in the house.
1,it's actually very simple but the msm has to construe and spin to fit their narrative. sad...
1,when your heroes are daesh/e. u./bernie anyone that is upset by dead christians will be deemed 'far-right'.
1,anything that's religious is considered as "far right" to them. &#x200b;that's why they label islamic terrorism as "far right attacks".
1,people are still waking up.
1,just say you identify as a woman and accuse them of bigotry. you'd probably get 18% off your order.
1,probably went out of business because vegan food is fucking gross. businesses that cater to women do just fine when the services provided are of good quality.
1,a feminist + vegan...i can already say that they closed because they are just horrible people
1,strange i would've though being needlessly unfair to roughly 50% of the population would help business......but what do i know?
1,womp womp.
1,how can there be a gender pay gap if gender doesnt exist because it is a social construct? there goes that double-think again...
1,any men who knowingly went there got what they deserved.
1,should have called it a sir-charge
1,how cucked would any man have to be to eat there?  pathetic!
1,in the words of the wise nelson muntz.... ha-ha.
1,proof capitalism is irretrievably broken lol
1,id never have guessed telling 50% of your market share to fuck off would be a bad decision. basket of deplorables.
1,get woke bitch on welfare!
1,i can't imagine what went wrong.
1,shocked pikachu is shocked!
1,so discriminate against 50% of the population while catering to the other 50% that supposedly makes 18% less in pay? sounds like a great business model.
1,they're lucky they closed down before they lost everything they had in a courtroom. this is the definition of sexism.
1,saw an menu for this place in an article place charged like 21 bucks for a meal. imagine the man and sells tax on that thing not even counting the drink.
1,and nothing of value was lost.
1,her schoolmarm hair "intellectual artist" glasses and "exotic" nose ring indicate that she has a lot of dogmatic dnc-approved views on political topics that she thinks are original and nuanced.
1,fucking capitalism!  if we had socialism we could force people to these restaurants to be taught these important life lessons.....but then there wouldn't be serving food because there would be no food anywhere.
1,so..dude has to pay for the meal & get a dude tax on top.hahahaha. so funny.. what a stupid business plan. let me guess..womans idea.hahahahaha
1,that's what that dude gets for passing such a policy.
1,how did they never get sued?
1,any wrinkled prunes to go?
1,ridiculous b******* that's why they went out of business that was their business
1,my state rocks!!!
1,this combined with (hopefully) scouts being sensible on citizenship questions for census will chase out the illegal voters of florida
1,can we meme our way to a ron de santis ama?
1,fl getting is balls back?
1,just end it nationally using the ag
1,fuck it i'm moving
1,texas once tried doing this and we could never seem to pass the bill... wanna know why?  because rick perry is a fucking rino and did everything his corporate owners wanted him to as texas gov.  literally the bill was about to be voted on until our local grocery and home building companies begged him to stop it so they could keep their cheap labor.  he obliged.
1,thank god for the panhandle. theyre a bit odd but sure beats the miami dade shitshow
1,make politicians responsible as accessories of any crimes illegal aliens commit that are released without complying with ice detainers.
1,yeah! my state beats florida man!
1,judge nap must have gone through re-education camp after fox took him off the air for speaking the truth. now hes a fucking idiot
1,mittens is and always has been a well dressed douche nap is a yuge disappointment. mc cain?  good riddance
1,i love how judge nap is in here. he is worse that shephard smith. literally everything he says is the most anti trump way to spin it without actually saying he hates trump. fuck that dude.
1,this cartoon would not be legal in london.
1,mittens is part of clown world.
1,another excellent toon. but there should be a huge black cloud overhead with the title "nsa dirt from obama contractors" and a lightning bolt going down to each of the three backstabbers.
1,i wonder which presidents judge nap thinks were always moral and never deceptive. and why is he placing those factors above national security trade economic growth employment and wages?
1,is that the fires of hell around mc cain? lol
1,mittens is a mormon. that should tell you all you need to know about him. cancer lost a tumor when mc cain died the worlds a better less globalized place without him. nap got bribed for going against the narrative. his 180 makes me think someone has something good on him to keep him in line. its the only explanation.
1, judge nap's forehead is not as large as depicted. bad cartoon.
1,what happened to judge nap? he used to be based.
1,judge nap is a damn fool. mark levin or joe digenova  would wipe the floor with nap's idiotic legal musings.
1,judge nap went never trump? quick rundown?
1,yeah ever since nap was taken off air hes become massively anti trump. its really sad
1,lol! the judge. that guy was a clown for a long time. you'd be better off asking a bum on the street what would happen with a case.  scary part is that this guy once held a judgeship higher than traffic court.
1,judge nap has a personal issue with trump.
1,mc cain is on a tropical island pulling strings as his daughter milks the cattle for another cool trillion in misspent military shitankery
1,nap is a stupid bitch...has been for some time...cant count how many times this asshole has been wrong!!!!!!!!!!
1,all the time they wanna take his place
1,she looks worse now than when that house fell on top of her
1,when did george soros start using hair dye?
1,she looks disgusting phlegm balls protruding very disrespectful
1,"might shed skin later idk."
1,omg totally adrenochrome
1,a demon witch who tried to destroy our country. sadly we have chelsea to deal with. satanic worshipers
1,mrs palpatine hasnt aged well
1,pic on right was taken shortly after being sucked out of the dome on mars
1,podesta "i'm in the torture chamber now!"
1,wtf she looks like andross.
1,i see adrenochrome i upvote.
1,hillary has used a younger lookalike for many public appearances.
1,that is one ugly woman poor bill
1,holy shit i didn't know she played smiguel in lord of the rings!!
1,drinking babys blood is a time honored tradition in some circles.
1,she's basically meryl streep and goldie hawn in death becomes her.
1,nah thats just a run of the mill facelift. look to jane fonda and susan sarandon for further proof.
1,how can you tell when a side of beef has gone bad?
1,side of beef
1,is that emperor palpatine on the right?
1,you people voted for hubert humphrey! and you killed jesus!
1,adrenochrome is one hell of a drug.
1,that right pic has such a strong vampire vibe.
1,if bernie wins off the backs of prisoners hell throw all of us in prison then end our right to vote.
1,i wonder what states and districts all the largest prisons are in?
1,the democratic party the gift that keeps on giving.
1,once we legalize felon voting then the dem party can start promising felons release in exchange for votes.    then we'll have our first felon president!  hell maybe we'll live long enough to see our first currently encarcerated politician working from home (jail) like rbg.
1,move all prisons to blue states. dno jr. should also cite how many kkk members are locked up and watch bernie supporters blow up trying to defend giving them a right to vote...
1,evil wants evil to vote. what a surprise... (it's not)these people need to be rounded up. they are not americans. they are seditious and evil. we had two red scares in this country. we need another one.
1,it's all numbers to them.  it's the only way they can win
1,may the fleas of a thousand camels infest their armpits.
1,thanks for the psa. does texas still have annual "draw mohammed contests"? can t_d have them weekly?
1,'moslem' was also in your standard dictionary until recently.  they're changing words just like the leftists. in fact there's still a moslem community center in dearborn mi.https://www.mapquest.com/us/michigan/american-moslem-society-350410681
1,funny that the two words are so similar in their own language.
1,i've never heard the term "moslem" before but now that i know it it's a much more appropriate term.
1,nice to know.  i assumed moslem was just spelt incorrectly to spite them.
1,is there a reputable source for this?
1,i just call them mohammedans.
1,i call them "mooselimbs"  (because the filter hasn't been updated with it yet)
1,a lot of places call them mohammedan as in the people of mohammed or mohammed followers.
1,yeah i think bringing donna brazile on fox was a huge slap in the face to trump supporters and also to people who don't care for cheaters.
1,combine donna brazile cuck shepard smith chris wallace and co and fox news is turning to absolute garbage. turn it off and watch some oan!!! or better yet get your news from the_donald!!
1,the real reason is that the murdoch sons are lefties and they are slowly turning fox news to the dark side. oann and newsmax are the alternatives.
1,my news sources:1) the_donald2) oann3) infowars4) breitbart5) drudge everything else is fake news even faux news
1,our timeline is the one that says bad muthafucka
1,i wish spectrum would carry this channel!
1,about time!!!! biden was the most corrupt vp of all time!!!!
1,his fellow democrats will take him down. get the popcorn ready. how many democrats running for office so far?
1,please run unka joe!
1,hillary better get a lawyer. - rudy.
1,giuliani in fine form. awesome work
1,now biden has to run for "candidate immunity"
1,#scandal free!! (muh sides!!!)
1,$20 he never announces...
1,fuck uncle joe and fuck grandpa joe!
1,how dafuq does the one on the left even see where she's going?
1,how about a muslim ban!!
1,ban female subjugation vestments.
1,islam is a subversive ideology not a religion. it goes beyond faith to include its own system of government.
1,just banish them out of existence
1,this law will do nothing to solve the problem.
1,easter worshipper attacks you mean /s
1,ban all of it.
1,i wish leftwing sjw women wore these.
1,the response they and the world needs!
1,the rise of sri lankan white supremacists
1,saw an alarming rate of these in a "developed and thriving" city like kuala lumpur. not just arab women living there east and south east asian women too.
1,most of the suicide bombers are men though. banning islam would be more effective in dealing with terrorism.
1,these imbeciles lack any sense of humor.  if he did make a comment its because hes not a fucking robot
1,common sense: the counters are manipulated. surprise? i think not. look at what we are seeing in the media tech giants and the swamp.
1,snakes gotta snake. and tatters have been fucking with conservative likes/follow counts - look at the unplanned fuckup...
1,dorsey's an opioid addict? that explains a lot.
1,jfc these people are insufferable  man sneezes at press conference (in which he also announced the cure for cancer)
1,did he really complain? 
1,what makes jack a good candidate for discussing opioid abuse?
1,**the washington post***journalism wallows in stupidity*
1,from article-asked about the meeting the white house did not respond to a request for comment in a statement twitter said the meeting  initiated by the president  focused on protecting the health of the public conversation ahead of the 2020 u. s. elections and efforts underway to respond to the opioid crisis. twitter partners with the federal government on a program to encourage americans to dispose of prescription drugs they no longer need to prevent against abuse.
1,it's always funny to watch wa po report the truth as they grind their teeth with frustration that trump is getting stuff done
1,democracy dies in darkness of cartels oligopolies and social marxism. democracy dies when super rich try to impose a global tyranny.
1,but what is more important.. comon..
1,sometimes im actually impressed by the number of calories the wa po burns to obfuscate the truth.  i mean it takes a lot of work to come up with lies this consistently.
1,i hate being alive right now.  please take me back to the 90s.  everybody sucks right now.
1,it's the ~~national enquirer~~ wapo what else could you expect
1,what a joke.
1,obama has millions of fake followers and people probably get kicked off trump's randomly all the time.  it's a symptom of the bigger bias of twitter.
1,only orders to use lethal force will stop the madness on the border. you could have a million troops standing there and they will still rush across.
1,not enough!  build the wall put about 50k troops on the border order them to shoot any and all invaders.
1,our commander in chief moving to protect the border of *our* nation from an insurgent invasion from mexico. i'm getting fed up with this not being universally applauded.  foreign wars; i understood the beef with that during bush ii. you are for foreign invasion *into* the united states?  get out.  now.  passport revoked.
1,bring them all back from our foreign entanglements and we will have plenty of soldiers to secure the border.
1,a dmz with landmines is a cheaper and more effective solution and will drive everyone to ports of entry. works all around the world. spez: no we did not sign the ottowa treaty banning their use so good to go!
1,mexican soldiers disarming american national guardsmen on us soil. cartel members caught on infrared surveillance with fully automatic assault weapons bringing illegals through the border. **enough is enough fk this bullshit**
1,true throughout history
1,#based home improvement merchant
1,we have the best bernies.
1,totally thought that was bill gates from the thumbnail. then even after.
1,thats all well and good but home depot the store can suck a fat one
1,judicial watch and conservative treehouse no surprise here.
1,i believe much of this will fall on ben rhodes and maybe valerie jeratt.
1,they will get to barry.  they must.
1,they'll never let it get to barry. but maybe we'll be lucky enough that it will frighten him into never showing his face in public again. god knows i'd die a happy man if i never heard his voice again.
1,even the first black president will be a thug in jail. imagine that... hell be like a spider-man villain.
1,it only takes one rat to point the finger once they themselves are in danger.
1,the walls are closing in. it's the beginning of the end
1,i'm a christian!
1,it's ok to be christian too.
1,christian channel 
1,good application of this - the christophobia is right up there with their racist anti-white stances.
1,the name of christ hurts satanists (and demons) they are not about to willingly say it. that's why they avoid it.
1,easter worshiper you fucking bigot!
1,nobody said it wasnt okay?
1,it's about time but would bernie let him vote first?
1,isnt it funny that the supposed racists of /the_donald are universally in favor of this repugnant bathwater-drinker being fried for what he did? some of us didnt get the memo. apparently we forgot were supposed to be white supremacists. /s
1,drag his ass behind a truck too.
1,good i don't have a "bleeding heart" for trash like him.
1,good!   real white supremacy deserves this.
1,a shame it took twenty years for justice to be finally served.
1,it's nice when the news slows down for these feel good stories. are they gonna drag him behind a truck?
1,bernie will be asking for a absentee ballot
1,i remember in the 2000 election there was a debate between bush and gore where they were talking about whether there should be any federal hate crime laws -- bush was against those laws and gore was for them.  gore brought up this case as an example of why there should be federal hate crimes with harsher penalties pointing out that it happened in bush's own state of texas.  bush responded with (paraphrasing) "he was sentenced to death what more would you want?"
1,>one of the most notorious hate crimes in modern times what is this hate crime thing they made up?
1,this guy should be executed the same way he executed his victim. the kkk is repugnant and the democrats must disavow their militant arm that they created not long ago. oh who am i kidding they are probably pissed this guy can't vote for them in the next election.
1,i don't support the death penalty but it isn't out of sympathy for scum like this.
1,good.  took entirely too long.  fucked up back to front.
1,i'm in my mid 30's and i remember this story very well. it was a terrible act and he deserves to die.
1,yeah this is one truly fucked up crime.  as a teenager growing up in texas during this time you never forget hearing about this story and i'm glad these fuckers are being held accountable.
1,justice is served.
1,no drugs for this guy. a rope and a truck should do the job.
1,according to the democrats it's a darn shame he won't be able to vote in 2020. can he vote early?
1,its unfortunate he sat on death row for 21 years or so. i wish we could have expedited his appeal process so he was afforded all of his rights under the constitution but was executed within 2-3 years of being found guilty.
1,rot in hell jb.  rot in hell.
1,oh good!  but wait... lets grant him clemency so he can vote d. in all seriousness i remember when this happened. what they did to mr. byrd is evil. i pray he rots in hell.
1,rot in hell you racist fuck. breadline bernie wants this monster to vote.
1,too bad texas doesn't hang people anymore...
1,death penalty bad for violent hateful felons good for innocent babies though.
1,(he's a democrat. kkk = democrats).
1,people like that belong 6 feet under good that he is going to pay for his crime. another dead person means another dem voter though and texas is getting too many of those lately.
1,i was living orange tx then working in the area. horrendous crime
1,i've always wished your means of execution coincided with your method of murder.  dragged someone behind a car till death?  you get dragged to death.  shoot someone get shot.  stabbed?  you get stabby stabbed.  you get the picture.  hope he burns in hell.
1,a man mowed down a biker in canada and hid the evidence but got away with it because he was afraid of racism. a man mowed down to kids because they were white. a man threw a 5 year old off the balcony at a mall. a man shot a georgia college student. all of this happened in the last two weeks.
1,i know its a real tragedy......he should have been executed years ago!
1,good riddance remember though - democrats want monsters like this to vote.
1,i can respect and understand the feelings of some members of james byrd jr.'s family wishing him to spend life in prison instead. i don't agree with it. that they could do that to another human being is disgusting beyond words and someone like that should be relegated to history instead of given a long life at taxpayer expense.
1,this should have happened immediately after the trial.
1,does he get to vote for bernie first?
1,operating a train with no brakes is a crime so.... i guess this post is accurate..
1,i think trump is the most "crooked" but brilliant business minds in all of history. he absolutely positively is walking the razors edge of the line of legal/illegal and the grey areas. he's the greatest president in all of history imho.
1,imagine if the same people running the irs were also the same people running grocery stores.
1,when higher education is free it will be worth everything that you paid for it.
1,this is myself my wife and children.  we all worked our way through college.  i could have paid for my children but have a strong belief that earning something is far more valuable in life that being given something free with no strings.  leftists hate my attitude because they want stuff for free from others while not doing the same.
1,well done and you are not alone. we spent well over 200000 on several kids in college no loans we paid it ourselves. we were happy to be able to afford college for our kids sacrificed things for ourselves to get it done but we grew up believing that was america make life better for your kids. if amnesty is offered to those who are failing to pay their loans then i demand a 'loan' for about 300 large... papa needs new shoes er boots.
1,i have 58k in student loan debt. i still dont care- i signed on that dotted line and it's my responsibility. does it sound appealing to have my debt wiped out? of course but then i leave fantasy island and rejoin the real world.
1,when i was in the army we were at ait during christmas and so everyone got leave to go home. i never went off base to go party i never spent a dime of my money all the way through basic training aside to get a cell phone; almost everyone at ait would get weekend leave and go off base and party- well come christmas time theres a girl crying because she doesnt have enough to buy a plane ticket back home and cried to the ncos and they basically went around with a collection plate to get her a ticket home. i was smoked for not giving any money and for  pointing out that she would go off post every weekend and get a hotel and party it up to people who were giving their hard earned money to her. sorry to vent but this post reminded me of that situation and also fuck her..
1,do you think the market is over saturated with college degrees and that trade school seems to have more of a demand?
1,sadat made education free in egypt now every taxi driver and barber has a ph d. too bad the people who know best how to fix our world are so busy driving and cutting hair...
1,education shouldn't be free! college is an investment one that i thought was important for the field i am in and although i have a lot of debt i'm happy with my decision. i have a job where i'll be able to pay back my loans someday and i don't want that forgiven! i knew what i was doing and i stand by that. nor do i want to pay for the kid who went to college for transgender studies or whatever. it's their decision it's their debt to pay off. end of story!
1,yeah i feel ya. i did army rotc and paid my way with service. there are many paths to go to college and not accumulate hundreds of thousands in debt. be smart figure it out. im not paying for these dumbasses poor financial decisions.
1,if college debt is wiped out then every american alive who paid for college/student loans should get fully reimbursed for all of it plus interest indexed for inflation. those are reparations we can get behind.
1,got loans out the ass had to get a bio degree to go into medical school. almost done with med school going to suck paying back the sickening amount i had to take (250000 it's impossible to work in medical school) but these whiney liberal arts majors need to gtfoh go to community college for that shit.
1,my wife and i made the same sacrifices to pay off our students loans.
1,that's the thing these people act like everyone should be able to go to private institutions for free and piss away money on the brain-washing.  there's plenty of state schools that you can pay with a small amount of loans and part-time work.
1,i quit higher education for a vocational job. i wasted 3 years of my gi bill on bullshit but whatever
1,congrats.  i also worked through college.  had under 20k in loans when i graduated.  i work with a lot of people who borrowed 50k or more.  the explanation is the same almost every time.  they were offering it so why not.
1,i started saving for college when i got my first allowance.   school paid off been saving like a mad man since.  put it this way my bank account is well hung today.  bigger than big mike's 
1,i worked 48 hours while taking 12 units every semester. still had to take out loans. still in debt. fuck me i guess.
1,my wife and me did exactly this. they can pry that money from my cold dead hands.
1,this is so dumb. bad colleges and banks need to be punished for price gouging.
1,i like to gloat about my success's because i earned each and everyone of them. a problem i find is i don't have an outlet to express my views because so many others find negative connotations when successes are spoke of. i don't get it so much. i to went to college too paid off my loans while saving for a home. it all took a decade to accomplish. there was a little whining in-between all that the usual; working is hard..  i'm not getting paid enough.. i bounced a few jobs but in the end problem solved. i too partied like a mfkr and developed some legit functioning alcoholic issues but shaped up and shipped out. i can honestly say if i had thought someone else was going to come in fix everything for me i'd still be working my first job after college at lowes (tool world!) spending all that pay on fastfood and beer. lol
1,if you honor your commitments you are about to be made a fool of.
1,this will be an important 2020 issue. here's some thoughts:1. you cannot do loan forgiveness without also doing free (or heavily subsidized) college for all going forward. if you don't make college free-ish that means you're forgiving the loans of this decade's graduates but then still fucking the future. this means it'll cost 2-3x as much as loan forgiveness alone. that's an important part of the cost.2. people who go to college tend to be more upper class than lower class. so this is a giant cash-giveaway to people who are **not poor**. that is a weird and challenging pivot since the previous mantras have all been "tax the millionaires and billionaires to pay for the poor."3. anyone that paid off debt sacrificed to avoid debt or didn't go to college will be annoyed. also anyone who will have less forgiven than their expected tax increase over their lifetime *could* be annoyed.4. all of these proposals only cover **public** colleges. about 30% of students go to slightly more expensive private universities. those kids are disproportionately white. so when public college becomes free they'll all apply to public college. they will displace the lowest applicants who are likely the applicants with the fewest resources. those will tend to be poor and will tend to be poc. so... are we now going to subsidize college for rich white kids and make poc pay for private university? or will we subsidize that 30% of private universities as well? what happens when many of those universities are religious?5. any time they talk about loan forgiveness people say that they'd "buy a car buy a house travel etc." this is basically the same thing rich people do. they're saying they will take on new financial loan instruments and spend money out of country. food stamps even if you hate them have a pretty good roi by injecting cash into local economies. an upper middle class guy buying a new entry-level bmw on loan with his savings is really no better than a rich person buying a new high-end bmw on loan with his savings. if they think giving the rich money is dumb so is giving the upper-middle class.
1,i would have loved to go away for 4 years all expenses paid .. instead i bussed tables went to city college and lived at home.  taking on debt is a choice.
1,unfortunately this argument really doesn't hold up anymore.  yeah most of us did it but we didn't do it in the last 10-15 years. once the government started getting involved in student loans tuition prices skyrocketed.  they have increased at a higher rate than any other category for nearly the last 20 years. when i went to college my tuition was 7k a year.  today at the same college it's over 25k and that's on the low end for most schools. it's hard to tell a 20 year old to work part-time while going to school and surely they can make 25k+ after taxes and living expenses just stop complaining. what we should be discussing is the effect of federal subsidies on the *cost* of college not what to do about the debt incurred. the problem isn't the loans it's the fact that college tuition is twice what it should be because the government is subsidizing it.
1,at least were paying for education and not their food stamps or disability
1,sermons? twin towers? but we were told it was payback for nz shooter?... even though the nz wasnt christian or sri lankan. surely you arent suggesting we are being misled by msm??? /s
1,and alex jones loses his you tube platform?
1,"there have also been conflicting reports about the fate of hashim with claims circulating that he was one of the suicide bombers who carried out the attack and counter-claims that he may be on the run in the neighbouring maldives islands. although known primarily as a luxury honeymoon destination the maldives also supplied hundreds of radicalised fighters to isils failed attempts to set up an islamic caliphate in the middle east.... one working theory among regional security experts is that returning fighters could have provided training and logistics to the marginal ntj which although a cheerleader of global jihad had only been known previously for defacing buddhist statues in sri lanka.**in january police in puttalam some 100 miles north of colombo raided a coconut plantation where they discovered 100kg of c4 explosives 100 detonators 75kg of ammonium nitrate and potassium chlorate and six 20 litre cans of nitric acid.**  reports at the time did not name the group involved but said the site may be linked to a newly emerging militant group that was tied to the vandalising of buddhist statues. suspects were arrested but later released on bail. three months later sri lankan security agencies received a tip-off from indian and us intelligence agencies that the ntj may be preparing to carry out terrorist acts against churches but the crucial information was not passed to countrys prime minister."
1,this is why the west needs to get rid of its persistent need to infantilize muslims blacks and hispanics. we never take them seriously when they say they want to kill us then when slaughter occurs we act surprised.
1,either this sort of thing is extremely common and thus hard to police or you tube/google doesn't care enough to remove this while banning/demonetizing conservatives for wrongthink. think about how troubling each of those options is.
1,it's shocking to watch this guy talk in tamil and spout all the extremist talking points that 4chan and t_d posters warn about: that non-muslims should pay jizya (extortion money) to muslims to continue their religion of choice that islam was not only spread by the sword but also by the sword. it was surreal to hear such hateful speech in a language other than arabic urdu turkish or persian.
1,motives unclear just a lone wolf.
1,his videos were probably monetized too
1,hunting down and killing piece of shit
1,has this guy's videos been blacked out like the christchurch shooters videos were?
1,but white supremacist are behind every tree.
1,i thought you tube was supposed to ban and erase videos that contain hate speech?
1,well i guess google has to ban their own app from the app store now.
1,any "priest" of any religion who promotes violence and death especially of innocents is working for satan.
1,behind a subscription. anyone got the full text?
1,"but wait there's more!"
1,so hes allowed to post on you tube but conservatives arent.
1,islam has nothing to do with islam.
1,why is this bad? a) we know whats on it b) we use their dependence on our stuff as leverage c) they pay us
1,yep i always found it curious that the us chose to "bless" china with cheap manufacturing and not places like india and vietnam
1,the u. s. has been the biggest material supporter of china's military since clinton gave them technology for bags of cash in the 90's.
1,this is how politicians enrich themselves. they take foreign money from lobbyists and then sell out our technologies developed and funded by taxpayers. not much will change until special interest money is removed from politics.
1,they are turning china into what they would like the us to be. at some point they are going to move over.
1,they need some way to transport all of the stolen intellectual property back to the homeland.
1,ever think we can tap into their communications easier that way?
1,maybe they'll stop paying the rent and just come get it.
1,this way we get to steal their data.
1,it's gone from "rule!  britannia!" to "rule britannia".  :p
1,you could probably do this with a spork in 2019.
1,like the girl that flew into colorado last week bought a gun and shut down half the state in fear of a shooting? cops solve crimes 2a stops them.
1,not gonna lie id rather be ruled by a texan with some balls than our current ruling class. ave imperator!
1,why are the women in chains on the left
1,can somebody please use this tactic to overthrow parliament?
1,as a brit i can tell you now we'd have killed him with the armed police the army and the special forces if he tried to take us over with a revolver.... he clearly conquered our nation with that damn fine sexy mustache. england went to shit once mustaches became unpopular :(
1,in a century they went from controlling 1/4 of the earths landmass and being an unparalleled super power to being a michigan sized island full of pussies
1,thats how the normans took england in the first place.
1,we can only have full diversity and inclusivity when whites are exterminated.
1,change "no-whites" to "no-blacks" and then tell me if that would fly with democrats. . . .
1,to promote inclusivity? seriously
1,i do not identify as any specific color... let me in!!
1,this is the definition of retarded!
1,how is that inclusive again
1,how much white blood is acceptable? are they asking for racial purity?
1,ban an entire race  promote inclusivity&#x200b;pick one.
1,this is right by my house. wake forest is one of the most expensive schools in the us. i hope someone does something about this. they are citing examples of people posing in front of confederate flags from 30-40 years ago. you are in college you work for the college there's no racism against you. you go to one of the best schools in the country! omg these people are so dumb.
1,all the white students need to file a class action lawsuit.   this is highly illegal.
1,that doesn't even make any fucking sense.
1,does this violate the executive order?
1,just start doing the same back. if non-whites want to make non-white organizations and whatever else fine. but we get to do the same.
1,#honk honk
1,just another documented incident of racism. pending lawsuit incoming... maybe
1,remember now... these are the ***"tolerant"*** people.
1,they think if you put a bunch of idiots in a room long enough you can get trump. no amount of time would be long enough for this group of losers
1,too jpegy to even read the names
1,this image made me laugh a little thank you based op
1,needs less jpg. it's difficult to read the rodents.
1,we jest and we shitpost but the current dem 2020 lineup really is a shitshow.  0bama is slick; he's smooth in his presentation and appearance at least when his boner (or michael's) isn't showing. the 2020 dems have none of this.  biden perhaps but he's only really smooth when he's trying to sniff an underage girl.
1,# imagine the fucking debates that we will soon see
1,my first sticky dankest meme i've seen in at least an hour hahahaha
1,how many years are we away from beto bot fixing his name here too?
1,our toughest foes would be bernie gabbard and yang but democrat infighting will prevent their campaigns from getting very far. they're doing our job for us.
1,this sub and its contributors are world class.
1,they haven't talked about their secret weapons yet:1) a rubber chicken2) the man who played chewbacca- you've never seen him without the costume. just you wait!
1,i don't know booty judge seems like a hell of a contender.
1,pres trump is literally driving these people insane. it really is a thing of beauty to see! now let's hope we can get potus to oust all of the rinos from the gop ex: romney rubio etc.
1,poster need a poster size print! lol so great thanks for the laughs.
1,if kameltoe is still in the race come 2020 ill be very surprised.
1,should have named that dino chasing the smaller one biden
1,they really have nothing except hook or by crook
1,missing booty judge
1,if electric cars are dirtier than diesel cars. an electric car takes 10 years to have cleaner emissions over its diesel counterpart. because the parts and use emit far more in production. the electricity consumed also emits. but that electric car breaks in less than 10 years. it's extinction anyway. fuck the dems millennials and every other idiot buying and selling crap. they don't get any dumber today. they just tax you more.
1,i just hope they don't become more retarded when he wins again at this point.
1,this post insults t-rex's intelligence
1,keep them coming memes are the best way to trigger cnn
1,it legitimately took me ten whole seconds to remember who castro is. what a fucking non-entity.
1,do you have an original larger pic of this that can be printed?
1,buttigieg isn't pictured because he's a mega-sore-ass.
1,honk honk
1,they keep raising the crazy bar. it's hilarious. i think they misinterpreted the appreciation of trump's outspoken behavior - they just ran with it as a political technique and ended up in a strange place.
1,we really need at least 2 viable parties but i don't see the democrat party surviving after all of the crap that's going to come out in the next year.
1,how do you even make pictures with resolution this low?
1,best memery i've seen in a long time. tiny tho
1,that's not lashing out as much as stating the truth
1,following tuesday remarks by clinton that donald trumpwould have been indictedif he weren't president giuliani hit back in a wednesday tweet - writing: "i encourage hillary to get very involved in the 2020 election. she blew the last one for the dems" adding "she is working on a book called how to obstruct and go free. and the sequel will be how my husband escaped a perjury conviction. from americas number one crime family."
1,lock them up. collusion was paying for russian research to undermine the potus. obstruction was destroying subpoena'd evidence. obstruction was preventing the government from functioning at full potential due to nonstop investigations. treason was selling off our uranium treason was letting our ambassador get murdered what's the body count for the clinton's now? haiti? whitewater? if you have not realized it yet every single thing the clinton's accuse potus of they have already done. it is simply to take the attention away from them and try to shove it off to someone else.
1,crazy that with all the evidence against the clintons they are still untouchable. goes to show just how tyrannical our government really is.
1,come to think of it. where the heck is blm?
1,if by "spirit" you mean "soros money" ...
1,remember all the mass protests planned for mueller if he got fired? hahahahahahaha everything just backfires on them
1,too confused. none of their tricks worked. people saw through blm noticed they just wanted to kill white people and the police.  people saw through the "women's" march that it was just a trick to get american women to dress in hijabs and to declare war on the usa and to establish sharia law.  people saw through occupy it was just anarchists who wanted to break everything and to use the street as a toilet. the "refugee" support marches everyone figured out that they were waving mexicon and other flags from the south of the border areas and it was just an invasion. what else was there recently? the "climate" and "vegan" marches that are coincidentally all happening at the same time around the world.  just the un trying to take money from the west  impose third world laws over it. all the oregon stuff protest against ice and the police.  sane people know without ice and the police they don't get to exist. a protest by britney spears fans?  they are running out of ideas. soros and the un and the infiltrators in the west and the traitors in the west will get those marches going again soon for the 2020 campaign. those who burn automobiles and break shop windows are what the future is if bernie kamala and any of those nutjobs get into power.  that is why the english-speaking voters usually vote for president trump and those like him.
1,outrage fatigue. it is hard to stay mad when things are going so well for the country and trump keeps on winning.
1,it's because illegals are pouring in by the millions  and they know that all they have to do it is wait it out :(
1,they are all in london having die-ins purposely trying to get arrested and literally gluing themselves to the street to stop climate change.
1,the women's marchers? blm? the berkley rioters? all gone. the left's spirit is broken and the money's dried up. now all they have is bitching and censorship.
1,what a bunch of fucking morons
1,they always take time out when its cold.  theyll start showing up in another month or so.  always happens around fight season. sadly i dont think there spirit is drained as much as their souls are
1,losers all non appreciative spoiled participating trophy losers upsets me so much when they say america is never good they never visited a 3rd world country before they have no idea how good they have it
1,i mean we all saw the craigslist ads... quick pocket money to show up and scream: the mobs with no values screaming for a dollar.
1,the steady stream of anti-trump stuff that was my facebook feed has dried up to basically zero. i even checked the history of some of my most zealous friends and theyve deleted a shit ton of old posts
1,can we do like a daria protest?"oh what? we have to stand again?"
1,this is currently on the top of r/all/rising. like number 1. goes to show how fucked the algorithms keeping t_d off the front page are.
1,they were going to march if:  ~~robert mueller was fired~~  ~~pardons of key witnesses~~  ~~firing rod rosenstein~~  ~~preventing the investigation from being conducted freely~~  ~~if mueller finds significant wrongdoing~~  ~~if mueller's findings are hidden from the public~~
1,i love how they say *"we need to overthrow the system"* when that was the entire point of trump being the anti-establishment outsider undoing the last 8 years of failure.
1,the jews had second thoughts after half of the left kicked them out of the last women's march for not defending palestine.
1,**they ran out of money for it its going to campaigns instead and optics would look bad.**   **remember 2018.  no if we win back the country it is going to take alot of work.  this is 30 years of corruption to undo.**
1,the usual threads on 4chan have slowed to a trickle that it self says a lot. but r/ politics still in full tds meltdown modethe other day every topic on the 1st page was about trump muller or burr basically every single topic was about trump...
1,maybe with the roaring economy they all found work.
1,they'll be back and as petulant as ever for the 2020 campaign. enjoy the breath of fresh air for now they will be screaming at the sky and we sick of their shenanigans and their double treatment by the media/politicians/law enforcement soon enough. they may even do another unite the right honeypot rally paid for by a leftist to start more trouble.
1,nah soros hasnt found a cause good enough to pay them to protest.
1,this is definitely the time to be the ones reaching out and letting em know that we're on their side whether they realize it or not. the world's not gonna end and the policies we're voting for are designed to help everyone not just repubs. meme war is fun at the same time we've got to be accessible just enough so that we don't blow em out of the water when their mind opens a bit. right now they're down and if we help em up it'll pay off.
1,they are waiting for instructions and warmer weather. blm is not an "organic grassroots movement." like many leftist shock-troop groups their "community organizers" await soros funding and the "go" signal. when the leftist agenda shot-callers deem it necessary to manufacture a distraction/disruption the message is sent to a relatively small number of the aforementioned "organizers" to launch the latest propaganda narrative to the hivemind of their base who are merely waiting for any excuse to commit the rioting/looting/arson/attacks on innocents that they are going to commit anyway (but in some cases wait for the convenient cover of a riot/police stand-down.)
1,not spirit it's all about the money hopefully trump is shutting down many behind the scenes
1,protests are too much work with little reward for them. they are in the process of evolving into full blown terrorism.
1,maybe with the roaring economy they all found jobs.
1,maybe with the roaring economy they all found jobs.
1,more like their pockets have been drained...
1,huge amount of the soros money and schemes are moving to eu and mostly eastern europe since western is already cucked.
1,they're having trouble finding paid actors
1,well that's because the overlords haven't told the masses about a cross country demonstration yet.
1,of course these faggots are in philly....
1,weather's getting warmer. they'll be rolling out within the next couple weeks.
1,they've lost a lot of funding.  sure they still have money to finance illegal alien caravans and political races but none for pointless demonstrations and riots.
1,just burning down churches and blowing stuff up...
1,no they just ran low on funds...to pay the protesters
1,with so many democrats running for president any big demonstration would put off some segments of potential voters. wait about a year after super tuesday.
1,paying protestors and chartering buses gets expensive and the roi is clearly not there.
1,they must be tied of losing. i don't think we're tired of winning!
1,that's philly. there are still occasional protests but none this large. i'm guessing this was during the dnc. the last one i saw was on the corner of broad and locust last year. it was a bunch of people screaming about palestine.
1,their handlers have told them to back it down a notch same thing they did to aoc.
1,its hard to collect pokmon when youre always protesting.
1,their broke. lol. anyone that thinks left wing anything is grassroots is crazy. it is all paid organizations. plus union members love trump.
1,fat. jobless. marching down safe well built streets. surrounded by architectural marvels that just 100 years ago would be impossible and many countries still can not make. yeah. how terrible.
1,i was waiting for after the mueller report for them to drum up protests on my local subreddit. but i ain't seen shit.
1,nothing left to bitch about.  orange man bad.
1,they all have better paying jobs now
1,the big leftist donors are tired of seeing low return on investment in funding the democrat activist groups.
1,more like soros assets were frozen and there is no one to pay them. they were paid protesters. or hes spending his money to finance the caravans...
1,funny i was just thinking this today as well.
1,if america "was never great" why the fuck you be here though?
1,actually googled the revcom website on that protest sign turns out its the home page of the us communist party. color me fucking shocked that they march side-by-side with berniebros.
1,trump cutoff the saudi deep state $$ funnel with mbs and the saudi purge of nov 2017.  alwaleed or another of the saud family owns/owned the top 5 floors of the vegas hotel which the oct 1 shooting occured at (i forget but think it was mandalay bay).  its very possible that shooting was cover for soome kind of proxy battle for succession being fought between crown prince mbs and his other relatives such as 1-800-deep state funding guy dopey prince alwaleed.
1,supreme court rules public sector employees not required to pay union dues and suddenly a shitload less blm antifa and communist agitators in the streets. coincidence?
1,they probably are being told by their handlers that too much publicity will not help leftist politicians chances in 2020.
1,they're reloading the coffers for 2020. unrest is coming.
1,it has nothing to do with spirit. they demonstrate when they are told to demonstrate. they stopped because poll numbers told the deep state leadership that it wasn't working and was pissing people off. they need to let the normalcy of it wear off so they can start demonstrating again during the 2020 election. it's a tactic not unlike all of the dems calling christians "easter worshipers".
1,america was never great? go fuck yourself.
1,haven't been seeing much of these protesters at all. could be that things are not working with the protesting as we all know.
1,nah soros is plowing money to the crazy democrat candidates they cost more than a few thousand pussies-fa....
1,their last paid "big" protest was right after the mueller report was set to be released and moveon paid people to want the unredacted report. however not many people showed up to them. they'l have weekly protests after the democrat candidate is selected.
1,theyre plotting. not much to do at the moment other than plot.
1,they demonstrate their mental retardation on a daily basis so there's that.
1,it is kinda hard when the president is leading a competent doj that will prosecute.  obama gave the protesters a green light to burn neighborhoods to the ground.
1,more like theyre out of soros bucks and have no jobs of their own to pay for their activities.
1,its because of all the infighting they dont know who should lead the protest or what theyre about so they just dont do it
1,their collusion message has been diluted. it will take time to rally around obstruction if at all.
1,"*n-no!!! we...we've only just started our resistance! d... drumpf will be in jail any minute now!!! the very first investigation into him is done but we have armies of people who will be looking into his background for decades!!! and if nothing turns up we will double our efforts!!! he... he can't hide f.. forever!!!"*
1,that's what happens when nobody pays them to *faux*test.
1,funding gone. watch the money laundered through the matter in paris.
1,they're waiting for the next ultra bullshit drama to protest. the soros' of the world will start funding something soon. my guess is a new scotus seat opens...
1,remember the "not my president" rallies were literally funded by russia. perhaps the funding dried up?
1,it's called rope-a-dope: trump is ali and liberals are george foreman.
1,they are to busy working. everyone has a job now. 
1,theyre in the lovely liberal sanctuary city of philthadelphia there. they should be protesting mayor kenney but they only get upset when he taxes soda.
1,don't worry. another bombing or school shooting will galvanize them soon enough. the ds has plans a to z
1,summer is not here yet.
1,they have to ride out the dem primaries.  social upheaval can only serve to disturb whatever master plan has been concocted.  once the chosen one wins the primary they start their strategic reeeeeeeing. right now the reeeeees could backfire so nobody is financing the organizers.
1,i am betting the next "grassroots" protest will be funded by the democracy alliance: https://www.influencewatch.org/organization/democracy-alliance-da/
1,"america was never great"? why the fuck are these ppl in the us? and even if it were true america should still be made great
1,they're forming a new master narrative. because what they come up with next they'll have to keep through election. do they continue with mueller angle... or do they go for the "caging children" "trans hating" angle. can't switch half way through from now till then...
1,an important factor is that while the democrats certainly band together and vote as such much of the party is split.  it's new school vs old school.  hannity was right to call aoc the speaker of the house.  nancy pelosi has lost a lot of her influence and while i hear the excuse of her being a money maker as to why the party wants to keep her globalists will fund anything they see fit with or without nancy.  i warned leftists not to celebrate the mid terms too hard if they went with nancy as speaker and that we all know deep down the new crop of progressives are tired of her.  now we've got aoc and others calling for impeachment in direct opposition to nancy.  we couldn't ask for a better outcome other than keeping the house the dems have literally done nothing besides bicker about how evil trump is.  it's not a good look for them and as op's title suggests they may indeed be running out of steam.  we can't underestimate them but one has to look at the many losses and wonder if they aren't beat down.
1,stupid libatards lol.
1,deport all of them. fucking terrorists.
1,funding is winding down.  donations have dried up.  hahahahah.
1,soros last hooker was kinda expenisve damn
1,good point. trump has beaten them into submission. now they fight on twitter while drinking their starbucks
1, all the soros money is being used south of the border and for use in 2020 elections.
1,the money from soros has dried up
1,america was never great. they why the fuck do you still live here ?
1,they haven't been told to. maybe soros is on vacation.
1,the boy shouts wolf. there is no wolf. people feel used.  again. again. now people learn to ignore.  not just this boy but anyone else shouting 'wolf'.  no one responds to 'wolf' anymore.  or 'lion' or 'tiger' or 'snake' or anything. everyone who shouts is a loser.  people understand that now.the left over protested and got everyone fatigued and confused.  now no one cares.
1,that's a shame cause every time they do something more people walk away.
1,they are resting up for the bombathon.
1,philly pede here. this saturday breadlines bernie is in town. luckily lll be out of town!
1,that "america was never great" sign...oof that is so fucked up.
1,it's sad how the best way to get liberals to vote for you is by talking shit about america and promising to ruin it more.
1,*pockets have been drained..
1,no money to pay for a demonstation in the usa because of all the payments to blow up churches wworldwwide
1,all the money that obama released before leaving office has dried up and soros money is apparently not infinite
1,i was thinking last week this very thing. no antifa no mean pussies no indian chiefs drumming no blm nothing. did the money run out? did they not achieve anything? well of course they didnt achieve anything but did they feel like it was a waste? i saw some dirty lesbians protest school choice today.
1,shot their wad on the fake russian thing.  the whole covington catholic jussie smollette things probably made things worse. if they'd have kept their powder dry who knows.  barring some crisis i think unlikely to see a real challenge.
1,the last one was a total flop.  they were supposed to "shut the country down" as many claimed.  the local news covered the protests it was literally like 5 people standing on the corner of a dimly lit street shouting at the wind.
1,they will all be back summer of 2020.
1,the dude in the bernie shirt lol. you mad brah?
1,left handed here...ohhhh
1,none of that fake outrage shit works any more.   we connect the dots too fast.
1,they ran out of money rations to survive on the streets
1,maybe they realized that fighting for quotas that wouldnt last in the real world was a lost cause after all...relinquishing the rights of others because someones feelings got hurt should of been blacklisted a long time ago...pass the red pills people
1,speaking of leftie weirdos[and they call us a cult](https://youtu.be/uzkk twk7k9w)kindly fuck yourselves.
1,all these protests get funded
1,this is the benefit of historically low unemployment. the commies arent being paid entitlements to protest.
1,donations are down hard since mueller. they have to save money for ginsburgs death orgy.
1,summer's coming. i predict sometime between june and july a police shooting of a black criminal will be publicized and the usual rioting looting and arson will ensue.
1,maybe soros finally kicked the bucket.
1,wait 18 more months. itll start back up after president trump is re-elected.
1,nows the time to bring them to church
1,their soy and fake news reserves are running low they are suffering great attrition
1,america was never great?? why the hell are you here? grass is always greener buddy.
1,cant protest 24/7 you run outta energy. they wont be out there election day.
1,im still shocked for some reasons that democrats literally hate america - that banner saying "it was never great"... then what the fuck are you doing here if it was never great?
1,been too cold. it will gear up again now that we are moving into summer.
1,hey it's hard to get up before 2pm
1,some people who would join got a job and money isn't flowing in to organize one. you know it costs quite a bit of money to bus in from multiple cities.
1,think of toronto's jordan hunt as unhinged a moonbat as you will ever find.  he kicked a defenseless woman while claiming he is for tolerance and inclusion. that and the dozens of incidents like it riled the middle.  the middle is what will keep the sorosian in the money.
1,i thought we elected trump to overthrow the system?
1,they get practically everything they want why should they bother?
1,motives: \[whatever the tv tell them their enemy is no question\]
1,more like they have been called off while the commie figure out their next move all they had to hang their pussy hats on was impeachment
1,they complain. unfortunately low unemployment and the general upward projections of the usa means even the far left have far too much to do to waste there time protesting the president.
1,sprinkling a mass of petulant protesters with job applications will over time slowly willow away at the worthlessness of the crowd and once a person has worth they quit the pathetic protest parade. so yeah. president trump is seemingly forcing some of the people formerly mired in great unwashed loser movement to become great taxpaying americans again.
1,trump stopped their funding.
1,if their spirit is drained maybe they should try having a cookout to raise it. nothings better for the spirit than cooking.
1,when your only punch doesnt work no more. why throw it.
1,and the money's dried up.
1,they're saving their energy for when we beat them again in 2020
1,[back at it again harassing poc for not being where they want them to be](https://youtu.be/bm7hb7tc6ry)
1,or they're planning something yuge
1,it's been winter in most of the country. none of these xausss are worth them being cold for.
1,"top one peycent of the one peycent of da one peycent... damn math sucks. or facts."-bernie "da one percenter" sanders.
1,use spirit drain it was super effective
1,it's because the trump economy is so good and unemployment is so low these people finally got jobs. not mobs.
1,turns out they can only use their turbo once per episode.
1,nra is holding their annual meeting friday - sunday.  trump is set to speak on friday.  think the big protest could be set for there?
1,screaming "impeach" at the top of their lungs for two solid years takes a lot out of them.
1,probably just too stoned after the mueller flop
1,hype is gone. al lefties are is just millenials and boomers joining the hype to look like they care for something greater than their own life. but when the hype has faded they went back to not caring like they have always really been.;
1,isn't it funny how these dems always hold long standing protests but never any republican rioting?&#x200b;all of us are too busy at our full time jobs to riot in streets
1,good. they've drained enough out of this country it's time for them to feel what that's like.
1,and their taxpayer funded slush funds as well.
1,sore ass was displeased with the roi and cut funds
1,i also haven't been online viciously attacked by leftist degenerates in a while( you know the charming npcs who threaten to kill you tell you to drink bleach threaten to rape your children ect ) ....funds must be shut off there too ...
1,the economy is booming maybe they went back to work lol
1,soros is now spending all his money on dem candiadates and idiot prosecutors. mobs only made them look worse so i guess the funding dried up.
1,two reason. demonstrations aren't being funded as much  and it's kind of hard acting like the world is going to end when things are objectively better than before. talk is cheap so that's why they still virtue signal but demonstrations require effort.
1,we should be somewhat compassionate. these people have consumed and trusted the msm propaganda for a very long time and are waking up to the lies. its a hard place to be mentally. i hope many turn back to god.
1,its because liberals cannot organically meet up to this scale without someone paying for it *cough* soros!
1,we were never great is so low energy i am not surprised it ended so quickly
1,only guy who can take down dr. orange
1,john miller is a stand up guy. tremendous person believe me hes very stable high iq!
1,you mean 2024 ? ...  3 terms 3 scoops!
1,that looks like a mustache i could trust
1,i like this guy...hmm
1,redditt it does not pay to be factual it pays to be a comrade.
1,i love how theyve narrowed manafort down to former trump campaign chair. manafort is a republican party insider and has been for decades. he chaired the trump campaign for 3-4 months in between corey lewandowski and kelly ann conway. but they want him tied to the president even though his crimes have nothing to do with the president. our media needs to be assfucked with a hot soldering iron. theyve become a complete disgrace.
1,*and committed while he was working for hillarys campaign manager and his brother
1,psst you yea you op r/politics is a shithole circlejerk for beta cucks. nobody cares about their shit opinions.
1,theyre falling over themselves trying to defend crazy bernie wanting to let terrorists vote. the mental gymnastics is incredible.
1,next time a democrat wins we should launch an "extreme anal probing investigation" and send their own "chairs" into prison for completely unrelated crimes... they wanna put fear into the right in running for presidency? we should fight back. in fact we need to be fighting back constantly not trying to act "presidential" and politically correct... everytime we try to save "image" we lose the election. fight back! they want war? they got it!
1,while he worked with the pedostas who are just as guilty...
1,then he should resign. he was not elected as a dem and cannot represent his constituents as one.
1,after 40 years maybe he should just retire.  typical self centered public servant.
1,cleaning the swamp !!
1,then iowa should force tuo resign and hold a special election to replace his ass
1,we need all out pro americans in deep red states! how is it possible we have rinos and globalists in many districts and states?  some districts are just shit and you have to take some wishy washy guy.
1,illegal immigrants that murder our daughters are just iowans with better food
1,just another rino that hates winning
1,oh a state rep.  he's a nut.
1,someone send this to mittens.
1,hes leaving because trump is a big meanie. what a pussy.
1,so he's a bernie supporter now and wants felons to vote?
1,the rope needs to be shorter.
1,trees grow new growth from the top though. there's a reason why your tree-house never got further off the ground.
1,can we get a let that sink in flair?
1,i made a spicer related one but was told i should not post it. noose isn't even around neck...but they said it could mean ban.
1,definitely saving this for future red pilling.
1,.... congress has no time to legislate they only want to continue the witch hunt which i have already won. they should start looking at the criminals who are already very well known to all. this was a rigged system - we will drain the swamp!
1,just dont give them anymore. say youve got enough. prosecute or dont. impeach or dont.
1,in the name of transparency = declassify everything!
1,i like that hes ramping up the rhetoric but until he does something about it hes all talk.  the democrats clearly dont respect him.  they are daring him to try something and he just keeps holding off.  its time to see some people in handcuffs.
1,the walls are closing in on trump. he's a threat to our democracy.
1,and the 1917 bolsheviks had "women's marches" too.
1,great find.  if you ever happen to make it out to southern ca the nixon library in yorba linda is well worth a visit.
1,hey fellow blo-no person!
1,i never knew there was another pede on campus.  you should introduce yerself to the tall hairy angry looking cook at the bar ending in has i'll buy you a drink and shake yer hand.
1,that's where i went.  dr. ross kennedy still teaching?
1,they just grew up and unfortunately some gained power.
1,redbird alum here good find! also escape il soon after if possible
1,man it's like they have some rules they follow or something!
1,easy and straightforward read.
1,i graduated in 2012 with a degree in poli sci. it was getting bad then (maybe just in my program) cant imagine what campus is like now.
1,what a great story! thanks for sharing it.
1,alabama is less racist that a lot of northern states prove me wrong
1,the north is way more racist than the south.  all the rich white folks virtue signalling about race didn't grow up in the same neighborhoods as we southerners did.  our school district is 40% white and 60% brown black or other.
1,beautiful! this is america!
1,florida man is always getting into crazy hijinks but alabama man seems like a good wholesome guy. lets all try to be more like alabama man.
1,they're gunna need some tax money to combat these rising gas prices
1,"california currently imposes the second-highest gas taxes in the country. a state excise tax currently adds $.417 per gallon a rate that will increase to $.473 come july. on top of that the state imposes a **2.25 percent** gasoline sales tax."on top of that extremely high land costs special fees on gas stations environmental fees among other reasons!$2.53 in north carolina and we have fairly high gas tax.
1,hmmm i wonder what could possibly cause a highly taxed overregulated state to have astronomic gas prices? let's do an expensive investigation to find out!
1,because of your fucking taxes "green" fees and initiatives and your want to put anything related to fossil fuels out of business?
1,paid $3.85 for the cheapest choice at costco today 
1,uh. that's exactly why. too much government. but just to make sure we need to form a committee. and we need a committee to form that committee.
1,it was already higher than everyone else in the nation before they added that 12.5 per gallon tax. our state is run by liberal morons.
1,there should be billboards in california that show the price per gallon in red states.
1,theyll probably raise taxes to fund said probe...cunts
1,you're not supposed to see the real enemy you're supposed to be distracted by stories about russian facebook memes
1,yes keep eyes on this fellow.  and the brit who quit his post shortly after election - anyone have the name?  and the aussie downer. ad listen to george papadopoulos!  he's preaching about the foreign involvement and says that the governments have turned against their plotters.
1,for decades the political class in the uk has despised and hated american republicans.  half the population of the uk thinks the biggest threat to world peace is the u. s.  tell me what other nation thinks they have a right to protest our president every time he visits?  the uk has been doing that since ronald reagan.   the uk lied about the "sexed up" wmd dossier.  they lied about basra iraq too.
1,the brits wanted trade deals favorable to them to remain while trump was a threat to make the deals more fair. same with italy and australia. but now we know these countries helped in the coup.   uh oh.
1,he also had dr david kelly killed...>he appears to have gone directly to an area of woodlands known as harrowdown hill about a mile away from his home where he ingested up to 29 tablets of painkillers co-proxamol an analgesic drug and to have then cut his left wrist with a knife he had owned since his youth.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_kelly_(weapons_expert)
1,war in iraq based on the dodgy dossier??
1,if true... wouldnt this be considered an act of war!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,still salty about 1776. cant say i blame them. americas fucking awesome and the uk is being governed by an utter bell end.
1,everything is global warming to the far left. when you dont have a god to worship you pick a tree.
1,god these people are fucking dumb af
1,wow they actually applied liberal logic as an argument against a liberal agenda !! they still share common goals... such as in the highlighted passages from the post... buying stuff = bad building new homes = bad having kids = bad they can hide behind their muh environment argument but its all the same agenda.
1,and there is it folks the truth. the left has perpetuated student loan debt to curb prosperity and prevent americans from having children. financial enslavement of the masses serves their political agenda. wow.
1,when are all these leftist cultists gonna drink the poison and go onto the mothership and be reunited with gaia?
1,i already forgave myself and my kids for working/saving going to cheaper state schools and not taking out loans. where's my free stuff? my carbon footprint is going up someone's ass if i don't get the free stuff dime store injun warren is promising everyone.
1,this is the new net neutrality.>cancelling student debt will cause global warming! therefore cancelling it will lead to the deaths of trillions of people! reeeeeeeeeeeee! meme it.
1,ahh the schizophrenic left at it again.
1,these people graduated college?
1,their professors would be very proud. killing yourself to help the earth is not that far off.
1,people of the us must refrain from making children because of climate change. but it's totally okay of people of middle east to have five to eight kids per wife coz it's actually good for climate change. as a result there's a lot of land available in us because of low population and/then/so they can migrate here. then trump happens... stands against un migration pact... orange man bad!!!  decades of planning ruined i can feel why dems are mad at him...
1,you can flip anything on them with the way they will accept any slippery slope leading to one of their great fears. when i was a lefty someone asked me if flag burning should be legal and i said "i dunno what about the carbon emissions?"
1,no one mentions in home global cooling when electricity bills can't get paid. talking about that wins elections a proven strategy. continuing to do something about that wins re-elections.
1,>i pay $600 / mo lots of us pay magnitudes more than that and still somehow get by. i pay almost 5x that and when its paid off it will be so magnificent.
1,forgiving student loans especially ones that should have no business ever having been lent money to encourages bad investments without consequences.  there needs to be consequences because nobody should have ever been lent money for trangender underwater basket weaving and been suprised when there was no market to have any return on that investment. instead of burning that money it should have been put to greater societal use.
1,ive heard several leftists argue that a booming economy is bad beacuse of the environment. one told me to my face that bringing back manufacturing to america and increaseing goods made here would contribute to global warming. which makes no sense. the stuff i buy has to be made somewhere... my laptop made in china or us would still contribute the same either way to whatever global warming fiction they make up.
1,some people very much enjoy signaling to the world the fact they're retarded.
1,this is how foreign powers destroy a country from within. make people believe success is a bad thing.
1,maybe if i sit in my mom's basement and never get a job/girlfriend i will save earth?  \\\_()\_/
1,the woman in the picture looks exactly like i thought she would piercings and all.
1,can you imagine not understanding how statistics works and insisting women are  being discriminated against when its really because on average women work less hours and choose less highly paid majors and jobs and then thinking the solution is to discriminate against men?
1,guess "rick" who reviewed the restaurant as great and "serving up social justice" didn't come back as promised or more likely never visited the cafe at all. this is what happens when you sacrifice your business to get social media praise.
1,so these transphobic monsters were assuming gender?
1,get woke go broke!
1,>he was dissatisfied with his meal these women want to run a restaurant and cannot even cook?  do they see where radical self delusion has brought them?  what kind if man even wants a woman who cannot cook a simple meal? they are trying to destroy mankind.
1,womp womp
1,this seems to be a successful business model.
1,surprised face in 3...2...not surprised 
1,never going to australia. wouldn't be caught dead in a vegan cafe. don't spend money on anything connected to feminism. so looks like i'm covered.
1,makes me want to open a meat purest masculism cafe. do you think that would fly?
1,those chicks are dumb..the failed because their ideology is fucked from the get go.... now if those dumb cunts actually made a great burger they'd still be in business.. but vegans in particular are dying from the inside out..
1,in the end darwin is smiling in heaven "survival of the fittest" is law of nature - and when your enemies believe the weaker you are the most unstable your business the less educated you are the better off you'll be...well let's juts say the world won't miss them when they're erased from the books of history.
1,every man shouldve walked in there and identified as a woman.
1,wow the 137th time this story was posted here today. 
1,remember folks; never open a restaurant.
1,sydney watson should interview her.
1,its like if you provide half teh people comming in with shit service just because people dont like it and will go somewhere else
1,do feminists even know how to cook?
1,i think we thought the same about obamacare.  lets wait and see what they decide.
0,then why isn't the secretary of the treasury in jail?stop with the warnings and do something.
0,i'm eager to see their plans for making trump comply
0,less talk more action. talk is cheap and we've been dancing around all this bullshit for far too long.
0,do something about it! stop with the empty promises.
0,i did not vote straight democrat in 2018 for them to be soft on trump's admin.
0,then start arresting people. i see a hell of a lot of quotes like this and no one in jail.
0,it's going to court. this is how things work in america. i too wish it was today but it just isn't.
0,i mean the president commands the military oversees all the cabinet agencies  including the doj... are the 3 branches really co-equal?
0,does it? the democrats are afraid of 33% of the entire us population just like the treasonous republicans. give me a break. minority rule....poor people helping the richest among us. 33% of americans are just plain ignorant.
0,he also sided with putin over loyal us government officials. no wonder putin by his own admission wanted orange baby to win. trump is bought and paid for by russia.
0,that never seems to register with trump supporters. they just repeat what trump and fox news says. that's some industrial scale denial.
0,friendly reminder that joe walsh endorsed trump admittedly voted for him and ya know the whole call to arms if clinton wins thing. dudes trash. edit: grammar
0,joe walsh... stop trying to stay relevant and go pay your fucking child support you piece of shit
0,well ya they got him elected. he loves them!
0,well why would he? they aimed at making him look good and clinton looking bad. they literally had an army of internet trolls working to push propaganda that is pro trump. that's like his dream come true.
0,if he's not a russian asset then why does he always act like one?
0,hes just now figuring that out.??where have you been the last 30yrs. everyone in nyc  knows where his money comes
0,thanks for joining us two years ago.  care to catch up to the rest of the class' rage?
0,at some point this has got to be like making fun of the special ed kids. this is low hanging fruit and it's been done far better dozens of times before.
0,and pretty stupid of him to never even feign anger once.
0,i really expected more eagles jokes in here.
0,can anyone tell me if deadbeat dad joe walsh has paid his child support yet?
0,i can't stand trump and feel if he a threat to the entire global community but by proclaiming that only russia caused his victory is ignoring the glaring issues missed by the dems and the true realities we all face as americans. time to start looking inwards rather than out.
0,of the last several presidents only one willingly killed russian military personnel because they weren't in a place that is good for the usa guess which president?
0,why shouldn't he do this there has been zero repercussions for his laundry list of high crimes and misdemeanors including treason.
0,some democrats still prefer protectionism. i dont know what it will take to convince them otherwise.
0,how long until russia creates evidence against this guy
0,no need for questions.  just accept and obey lord orange.
0,good. we need to keep up the fight and remain involved. i live in a rural red county in california (yes they exist - inyo county ca) and we revived our long-defunct democratic central committee and well be sending delegates to the state convention next month for the first time in years.  we can take back the senate and restore normalcy. but it takes hard work and votes. every single one matters.
0,this is the equivalent of a stuffy noble using a white glove to slap both cheeks of the servile peasant (democratic controlled house). it is yet another provocation that the dems will probably ignore. it's like the dems are afraid to act on noncompliance. it's shockingly disappointing.
0,i remember bernie sanders suggesting this in 2016 and paying for it with a wall street tax on derivatives. most moderate dems clapped back with "how are you going to pay for it!?" as though they hadn't even heard him. his proposal was just as detailed as warren's is. i'm glad people are coming around to the idea though.
0,this is just the political version of the simpsons did it but warren is south park and bernie is the simpsons.
0,members of congress have a constitutional duty under article i to investigate and commence impeachment proceedings against the president.
0,the "old guard" of the dems don't understand the game has changed and are operating on outdated principles. there are fights that must be had such as defending omar starting impeachment proceedings etc. but instead dems appear unwilling to engage - and that will drive away voters.
0,i've been a democrat for 28 years and let's all be honest. the democrats don't have any balls. when someone in your own party is attacked nobody defends them. omar criticized israel and was called antisemitic. when you have a report about the current president it takes weeks for you to subpoena it. nancy pelosi even said that she wouldn't impeach the president. these older generation democrats in office are extremely weak. i can't wait for the younger generation to come in and have balls.
0,if your fighting fairly in a fight you are getting your ass kicked. stop being the paragon of virtue and start being an enemy combatant.
0,nothing will get turned over. people will fuss about how illegal/wrong it is. ag barr will make sure everyone knows trump is above the law. &#x200b;this shit never changes. get out and vote
0,once this deadline comes and goes with no cooperation the house must immediately begin impeachment proceedings.
0,if trump doesn't release the returns nancy pelosi might give him a stern glare.  that is if she's *really* angry and brave that day.
0,it's not a deadline if it doesn't have consequences
0,they won't be handed over.  i can guarantee it.
0,who is refusing to hand them over?
0,nothing will happen until the dems control the senate and the house
0,isnt this the second or third deadline?  im sick of the house and congress giving empty threats.  put something on the line
0,arrest warrant for the irs commissioner?
0,impeach!
0,it would be a stronger statement to remain a republican and vote with the democrats
0,"we promise not to use hacked materials about the rnc either"
0,heres a concept: dont do things that are morally reprehensible and problem solved.
0,they already did wtf are you guys going on about. arrest the fucking orange idiot.
0,the russians are supporting trump right now. the russian troll bots are still very easy to spot on all the same social media platforms supporting trump and the gop the same as in 2016 and 2018.
0,to be entirely honest i'm not convinced that's the case necessarily. i could easily see putin deciding there is more "fuck up the place" value in supporting one of the more outlandish democratic candidates.  i mean sowing discord in our population is a primary goal and we're really susceptible to it right now.
0,we need to keep repeating impeachment and accountability for his administration and the gop. contact your rep. post it on social media. do not stop. do not let these people keep pushing the line.
0,only this time trump is in power and can help cover up efforts by the russians.
0,remember when he said that he thought they would help us?
0,isnt it at least possible that now that were aware of the russian interference well be more vigilant and suspicious of anything wonky we see?  i wonder if theres anyone here in america working on ways to circumvent any future interference from ivan?
0,given his reaction to jimmy dore's questions at the "oslo freedom forum" i've no respect for kasparov. &#x200b;you should worry more about the internal influence on us elections then the tiny part russia was accountable for.
0,so far the only candidate i've seen who is seriously fighting for democratic reforms like this these mike gravel who [is pushing for the wyoming rule](https://www.mikegravel.org/issues/wyoming/) among other important political reforms like national ranked-choice voting and term limits for federal judges. anyone who is serious about seeing a more democratic america should consider [donating to his campaign](https://secure.actblue.com/donate/mikegravel2020) so that his ideas can reach a broader audience. these reforms are crucial to ensure the republicans do not have a stranglehold on our government for centuries to come and we as democrats have a duty to fight for them.
0,this is really the gop endgame. when the republican party is free to exclude everyone they don't like from the census they have the freedom to essentially gerrymander the entire house and distribute electoral college votes however they want.
0,compromised idiot
0,the report makes trump look like an utter buffoon - too stupid and incompetent to know what he was getting into. at the same time i'm relieved that was the case because the practical realities of a sitting president actively conspiring with a hostile foreign nation is very scary.
0,i hear he thinks dihydrogen monoxide should be pumped into the home of every american.
0,how much do you want to bet the anonymous person from a rival campaign is from the bernie camp? taking money from lobbyists? who else would say that?
0,the man has taken money from lobbyists/pacs. thats all the dirt you need.
0, you mean besides the unfortunate surname? "all rise for president booty gag!"
0,trump is just being flagrant now. trump's like "it's time to get rice krispy and snap crackle and pop those democrats". he's daring the dems to even try and do something about it.
0,start holding people in contempt.
0,glad to have a steady experienced hand at the tiller of the house during these troubled times.
0,it'll give the trump base more incentive to turn out in 2020 and it won't work anyways with the current senate. so instead of talking about what we can't do let's focus on what we can pass in the house to give us some talking points to keep our majority and take the senate back as well. borrow from the republican playbook of 2010 and 2014.
0,aren't they in contempt of the order? are the dems gonna do something or simply extend the deadline?
0,this is a bad idea
0,why isn't this a fair question to ask?
0,impeach barr.
0,barr needs to be disgraced publicly for his history of fucking america. he wont sadly in some circles - the only ones he cares about - he will be lionized for saving this criminal president from the chop.
0,in many ways the white house did cooperate it's just that trump expected everyone to lie under oath.
0,what the hell?  has he seen trump's twitter?
0,lies. deception.
0,well clearly politifact is liberal fake news.
0,if you aren't scared absolutely shitless by this news you aren't paying attention.
0,it disturbs me that so few people are as alarmed as they should be about this. this is literally the next major step after gerrymandering republicans are taking to stay in power permanently and abolish democracy. if this decision goes the way trump wants it will make all of the gerrymandering of past years look like nothing give the gop a virtually permanent house majority and gut federal funding for state and county level programs.
0,this is easy for a member of the senate to say.
0,great senator sounds good.  which 17 republicans have you convinced to join you?
0,i hope more people on both sides come out and say it.
0,i do see this as a main talking point for him whether its used as a negative or a positive. as a gay man i wish he wouldnt be defined by his sexuality. he brings so much more even if his experiences as a gay man do matter.
0,the first gay man to run for president has this cross to bear.  it is what it is.
0,i think the overwhelmingly positive press coverage makes up for any negative to do with this.
0,we need to not kid ourselves. this likely isn't the only group just the only one to get caught at the moment. they're are dozens of fat right militia groups that train like they're going to overthrow the government.
0,they'd probly form a caliphate if they got a chance
0,the word you're looking for is terrorists
0,you know if there was a left wing militia that was arrested under these circumstances that it would be 24hr news on fox.
0,~~militia~~ terrorist group. call them what they are.
0,pro-trump terrorist militia arrested fixed it
0,the worse part is that it looks like the border patrol is working with this group and possibly others. militias are the unofficial wing of law enforcement because so many of them are ex or current members of law enforcement and the military.
0,trying to kill the politicians who try to take care of 100% of the population of the us
0,but we're gonna need like 20 honest decent christian republican senators in order to make this happen.  i doubt sincerely you will find that many good republicans at all in the whole usa.
0,no one on our side is arguing that trump does not deserve to impeached. it does seem to be the "right" thing to do from a certain historical perspective. but as democrats we need to ask ourselves if it the smart thing to do. the end game is really important here so it's necessary to look a few moves ahead. i assume nancy did the same thing and didn't like what she saw. public opinion is super important. currently only the democratic base favors impeachment. republicans not only oppose impeachment but their minds are made up no matter what evidence they see. this means that getting the 20 gop senators to vote for removal is next to impossible since very few will receive any political pressure to vote against their party. therefore it appears that the odds of the first ever successful removal of an american president in history are infinitesimally small. this then means that the almost certain outcome is every newspaper in america declaring "senate clears trump" and everyone in trumpworld proclaiming exoneration again.                                                                                                 we then need to look at the possible political effects of impeachment. polls show that the middle third of america (you know the ones we persuaded to give us the house last year) is very skeptical about impeachment and want us to focus on the stuff that matters to them like health care & jobs. this implies a possible political cost to moving forward with even televised impeachment hearings to russia-weary country. some people think that once all the evidence is presented public opinion will change. maybe it will but maybe it won't and it all goes south with the public at large. even if this scenario is unlikely it is still many many times more likely than a successful removal. it's simply bad odds for our side.  another question is why we would force a tough impeachment vote on our new house members from tough districts (the ones that give us the current majority) if in the end there is little chance at ultimate success? voting for impeachment could hurt them with their voters but voting against would hurt them with their colleagues. i assume these are some of the questions nancy is wresting with and it's easy to see why she's so hesitant to head down that road.
0,i recently read a tweet from mitt romney talking about how impeachment would only mean a prolonged legislative nightmare- while im not a political genius myself i think impeachment (as much as i want it) would only divide our country further
0,hell he even try to sell his son so nothing is off the table
0,lock im up!
0,the democratic party needs to move forward and forget 2016  they need to look at 2020.
0,did mayor petes policies not result in the gentrification of a number of neighborhoods in south bend? were a number of minority families not forced to leave their homes in those neighborhoods? did he not take donations from the same companies that won contracts to build luxury condos in the same neighborhoods where those homes once stood? are these not valid criticisms of the man?
0,i suspect crimes that might lead to even more.
0,the democrats need leaders who lead.  not politicians that go whichever way the wind blows.
0,of course if they're not willing to go read the redacted report while they're waiting for their demand for the unredacted one to be met how will they know what the facts are?
0,um there is a report that was recently released that seem to point at a few counts of obstruction.
0,is she holding back because she knows the process will be defeated in the senate or this whole thing is not impeachnent worthy?
0,facts don't care about your feelings
0,or we can just talk about it for a year and a half. and do fucking nothing. because nothing is going to be done. and by the time impeachment starts he will be out of office or starting a new term. this is getting old. either fucking do something or shut the fuck up.
0,if the house sits on this it will be spun as "see there was no criminal activity."
0,impeachment should have started the day he took office.
0,mitch has been posturing for this the whole time. he'll be able to say after the fact "the democrats didn't bring impeachment when the facts were clear" and he'll be right.
0,democrats aren't going to do a damn thing except issue statements. barr told them to go fuck themselves and they aren't doing anything about that. treasury told them to go fuck themselves and so far they've done nothing about that. they simply aren't willing or able to even attempt to deal with corruption and bad faith acting on a scale this massive.
0,trump is waiting for democrats to declare impeachment which at this time is a trap. while we can use all the mueller report as political fodder to discredit and destroy trump the temptation to impeach is very strong. i would advise against it!
0,dumass title when it has the answer in the article... "and sure the gop-controlled senate can stymie any house-passed bill."they tried and gop looked the other way why would mitch take up a bill that not only embarrasses the gop but also stops them from winning future elections they love what the russians did and are looking forward to 2020s results. meanwhile dems are trying everything they can to drive the base out to vote unfortunately hacking elections is pretty low in polls because polls matter apparently...
0,this is a bad take. sure some people may decide who they like based on gender/race but that's also why people get irritated by the focus on it. more people voted for hilary in 2016 i'd bet about 65% of the country would rather have her as president right now. biden benefits greatly from the obama nostalgia and those memes. gender likely does play a role in it but it's a lot about how they speak and who they're speaking to.
0,biden is riding off of the  obama  nostalgia and bernie has the best  policies  (and the holdover support from 2016) trump is the sitting president beto is the "young  cool one" with no substance and pete has  only been in the news recently. i'd say that wraps up their  likability to  college students pretty easily. as a former  politically involved college student not all of them are and i'd say that  plays a  huge roll gender obviously is a factor here but none of the other candidates have the groundswell these have regardless of  gender except  for maybe kamala  but her voting record and past as a da taints her in the eyes of a lot of voters. and if their groundswell is an issue it's  more  of a problem with cnn nbc huff po vox  et. al only  giving  coverage to some and not others hell biden got more coverage  about him  running than gillibrand or  gabbard *before* he  even announced. which obviously is going to affect how the average college kid views the candidates
0,why does he word it this way?  of course trump isn't working for the american people.  of course he's working for foreign interests.  the evidence has been public for years now.
0,because they were colluding and did a wonderful job of covering their tracks.
0,why did none of the people report it? they were too busy lying and trying about and to cover up their meetings with russians.
0,not exactly what you're looking for but [trump did order campaign aides to try and find the emails](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/04/18/us/politics/clinton-emails-trump-russia.html) which would suggest he was serious about his public request for help.
0,the political ads write themselves!
0,its sounding like the illegal republican judges might actually allow it. in the case that they go through with a fraudulent census what options to we have with recourse? the republicans themselves have proven to be a seditious fascist terrorist organization and now they are literally using illegal means to remove opposing representation. i dont understand why there arent riots about this.
0,there is a reason it's called the "house oversight committee"....
0,so he went from 'nobody wants to see my tax return.' to this. fucking moron just lies and shits on the law.
0,i heard chris wallace on fox news declare watergate was much much worse.  i laughed out loud.  what a buffoon.  anyone alive during that time knows better.
0,whats worse right now is not what happened its what is happening with the partisan divide and the desire to win so strong that the republican party refuses to do whats right.  we have the report we now know with affirmation what happened. how on earth can republicans turn an blind eye to that report? why on earth are we holding the president to such a ridiculously low standard? what about all the arrests of people in his circle? what about the attempts he made at obstruction when several of his admin. refused to comply with his requests? how on earth are we excusing the behavior of the mob boss who asked his henchmen to commit crimes but because he didnt...hes innocent?the president commanded that those around him commit crime s! its like watergate but easily 10 times in magnitude.
0,the election fuckery *alone* was worse than watergate. imagine if nixon went to the soviets for help in stealing dnc intel. and yet here we are. republicans have a habit of this it seems.
0,if you all dont make an example out of trumpty over this and have it removed it will continue to do the same bullshit over and over again...
0,what are they going to call this scandal when it's over?i'm mean watergate seems to have the one word impact like hindenburg or waterloo... what's trumps one going to be called?
0,it's a bit sad that so many people are putting party over country.
0,i want to know if the russians were seemingly able to change the vote tallies.  but i doubt they will tell us because that could lead to a very messy situation.
0,derp. liberals eating their own as usual.
0,sounds good to me.  open borders are crazy.
0,i'm for pete and focusing my energy on getting him elected instead of fighting battles which though interesting are of no real interest.
0,sounds like a tax return "scandal" redux. 4 out of 20 or so democratic candidates had turned in their tax returns when it was going on yet you'd see stories everywhere about bernie's tax returns. now zero democratic candidates support open borders and you see stories bashing bernie for not supporting them. and so it goes.
0,i am. close to trump on that and free trade. very unprogressive. fdr rolls over in his grave.
0,some of us are outraged but a significant portion of bernie's base aren't liberals so they are okay with him being a conservative on issues of race and immigration.
0,just casual president assassination plans nothing to see here.
0,pro trump terrorist leaderfixed it. (again)
0,another peaceful trump supporter
0,murican terrorist aka magat!
0,according to the latest emerson poll bernie sanders is the only candidate whose base of support is majority people of color at 53%.
0,we can make somewhat of an inference based on the current state polling and the demographics of those states. if someone is doing well with black voters you would expect to see them leading the polls in those states with high concentrations of black voters. south carolina is 30 percent black for example. the most recent poll i saw indicated that biden was leading there by 16 points. this is also a state bernie lost by 50 points in 2016.
0,ok so your point is: trump is too stupid to be president of the us and we should eliminate him?
0,adolf hitler used to refer to the lying press of his enemies as in the marxist lgenpresse while today donald trump disturbingly does the same.https://www.politicususa.com/2017/02/21/trumps-hitler-bromance-leads-quote-hitler-attack-press.html
0,guess she won't be inviting him again.
0,graham isn't too comfortable around women they terrorize him.*edit: sp*
0,this is what inslee does and always does. he is the first to show up to the fight and will see that fight through. hes been one hell of a governor and rep and hed make even more of a hell of a president.
0,inslee is an awesome candidate one everyone should take a look at.
0,that is a very interesting take regarding selling their ads that i hadn't considered.  i tend to agree...let them simmer in their own sauce until it's past time for their ads to have been sold and then maybe sign on for a town hall.  it's not like fox news is likely to look out for these folks in the future after all.
0,science to support this?
0,evidently the 1 in 5 who do not want their children educated all live around here?  
0,what teacher doesnt teach climate change? in all of my science classes since i was in 1st taught us about recycling and keeping the environment clean.
0,economic anxiety. democrats should reach out to this fella and get his vote.
0,thinks drumpf will pardon him.
0,i love how they take every opportunity to prove hillarys basket of deplorables comment to be right on the money.
0,why do they always look the same? and they always wear sunglasses. it's like they're afraid of their racist views being tied to their identity or something.
0,i'm sure trump thinks he's a very fine person.
0,pro-trump terroristwe need to stop giving terrorists like the one in the article the benefit of the doubt. if we dont treat them as they are vulnerable people will die. its happened before and its happening now.
0,what a loser.
0,hes required to stay away from guns. how exactly do you monitor that? at least hes being monitored.
0,once again proof positive who the deranged supporters are ....every instance like this is committed by a deranged trumptards !
0,they should gain a lot of victim points now.
0,it also paints a picture of the trump administration as incompetent and unfit to run a mc donald's much less the united states government. i mean we knew that already but it's nice to have written confirmation.
0,this report isn't telling us anything we didn't already know. most of the content (and all of the basic foundation) of the report were already public knowledge long reported by the media. the gop congress will ignore it trump will (continue to) decry it as fake news and a deep state coup and finally trump voters will see it as nothing more than fake news and an attempted deep state coup; because that's the dunning-kruger effect in action.
0,and here i was thinking trump was a real boy scout
0,congress needs to lay it out or as usual trump will continue to to push no collusion no obstruction theyre too many fence sitters who say well if he was guilty mueller would have charged him or barr would have charged him. these persons are the type that the fire isnt hot until you touch it or the knife isnt sharp until they get cut.
0,at a certain point adults need to come together and realize that any political party only has so much political capital...and they must spend it wisely. if you could show me any chance of getting 66 senators to agree on impeachement then i am all for it (as much as i fear mike pence). but at the end of the day we don't have those votes and never will have those votes even with the most compelling evidence. that means any impeachement move will largely be symbolic to make people feel good.  i am not a huge fan of symbolic moves that are initiated solely that leftists can feel that the democratic party is serious about standing up to trump.  if we haven't demonstrated that point now we never will....and running thru our political capital to soothe the fee fees of  a large voting bloc who hates democrats just as much as they hate republicans and 25% of whom voted for trump or a third party seems pants on head stupid. so far the only arguments i have seen for impeachment are "we are honor bound to do so!" and "i really hate trump and this is like laying a really hot insult down on twitter it's bound to get under the skin of trump and his flunkies"...and frankly i think our time is better spent making sure that trump has no legislative accomplishments to run on in 2020.
0,dictator pig!
0,i thought he gave up running that business?
0,can he sue congress to stop investigating him?can i sue the local pd to not pull me over for speeding? /s
0,at this point i don't think anyone is surprised.
0,maybe hannity will make the jump to russia state media one of these days. fox will become a stepping stone for a career in russia.
0,you mean fox news?
0,in russias defense theyre really stupid there its the third world you know...in more ways than one !
0,radical. this will fix everything. although the us only creates 15% of greenhouse gases. we can get it down to 7% in 10 years if we really try. take that china!
0,and yet they continue to use workers who pay exorbitant amount for their education use the resources of the u.s. paid for and built by taxpayers. and pay nothing towards the society that enables them to have billions upon billions sitting in accounts here or overseas.
0,and our national debt keeps getting higher and higher and wages barely keeping up with inflation
0,well yeah... who do you think that big tax cut was supposed to help?
0,i got a raise recently of 7 cents and they had the audacity to tell me that was a big raise.
0,fuck them all esp. dumpster! why is nobody talking about the price of gas. hes such good homies with bone saw so wtf? havent seen a fucking word about it . 4. 19 a gallon in san diego fuck all those commie ruskie republicans!
0,some corporations paid 0
0,it is not *necessarily* a bad thing for a corporation to not pay any taxes.  taxes are paid on profit not revenue. a corporation that brings in $10 billion in earnings but also pays out $10 billion in payroll and expenses has no net profits and owes nothing in taxes. while i do believe that the gop tax breaks are complete garbage we can't decide that a particular tax policy is bad based solely on corporate tax revenue.
0,are we surprised? no. appalled?  yes. want a leader who doesn't embody racism? then get out and vote!
0,it doesnt benefit trump or his cult to mention it if it did there would be a dozen tweets.
0,wait what should he do? is it the president's responsibility to do something for every notable crime?
0,the gop knows they cant win unless they cheat. fortunately we can still outvote their shenanigans if were motivated...
0,the entire turd and repugnant crime family needs to be sent to camps in new mexico and kept under overpasses until they wither away.
0,trump a wannabe mob-type boss probably said to his underlings something like this when the russians were helping him and these toadies wanted to do something to take advantage of it:  "ok you do what you gotta do.  i don't don't wanna hear about it anymore.  and make sure nothing comes back to me.  i don't want anything to stick. let the russkies know i'll reward vladimir later... when i'm in."
0,living in the alternative universe has got to stop trumpstification must be squelched at all costs...
0,as mueller stated he cannot indict a sitting president but their is a road map to that possibility which the republicans dont want to acknowledge.
0,comes a point you just have to turn him off.  nothing but a fucking embarrassment to this entire country.
0,why are we even still talking about this clown?
0,not resigning?
0,except collusion.
0,fires back?
0,giuliani ain't right in the head. has uranus opposite moon like donald trump
0,/except it's called treason.
0,he was literally sweating like a stuck pig when he talking beads of sweat rolling off his forehead hey rudy dont try so hard its a bad look on you save it for trump.
0,dems better pursue impeachment if they know whats good for them. showing the public theyre wishy-washy wimps who are not willing to fight against even a weak president who committed serious crimes will be electoral disaster.
0,only if we pressure our reps.  if the base does nothing our leaders won't out of fear the republicans will use it againsts them.  the only thing dem leaders fear more than republicans is the base.
0,the old guard dems aren't up for trying to impeach. even if they were republicans control the senate and there's zero chance of getting a conviction. and once the senate fails to convict trump and the gop will spin that as a total exoneration and vindication of the president which the media will pick up and repeat ad nauseum until enough of the electorate believes it to give trump a second term and undo the blue wave we got in the house last year.
0,this is how its done. her campaign has been a master class of substance and unabashed liberalism while standing as a champion for the working class. shes my top pick in 2020 by far.
0,sounds great. but she has no chance to win.  honestly democrats need to get it together. or we're gonna be stuck with another 4 years of the orange idiot.
0,not to burst any sides bubbles... but this feels earely familiar to someone else who made a bunch of promises of rolling back a predecessors policies on 1st day in office. let's all be serious nothing gets done on that first day they are all too busy putting on the ass kissing mud boots and wading back into the swamp. both sides....
0,stephen miller said he wants zero asylum seekers or immigrants at all coming into the country.
0,he just wants scandinavian immigrants. his words.
0,why should anyone's debt be wiped out? i can understand the interest payments but if someone chose to go to an expensive private school and another person a less expensive public school we reward the less intelligent decision? and this seems to apply whether or not you graduated. why? and why does it go up to a household income of $200k except to make sure there are plenty of middle class votes? this reeks of desperation.
0,love the concern trolls infiltrating this sub!
0, i can't wait until we get to the debates so people can start questioning some of these plans. a 22 trillion dollar national debt and we want to keep digging the hole deeper and deeper. if anyone tells you we can have a massive infrastructure bill complete student loan debt relief free universal health care free college and fight climate change within the 10-year window they are selling you a bill of goods. interest payment as a percentage of our deficit spending continues to grow at an astonishing rate. hopefully we have a nominee who will address this.
0,impeach but dont remove from office trump being a true narcissists will go crazy knowing  he was beat and beat bad even if you foreword to justice they will drag there feet and the 2020 election will be here.
0,nothing wrong with accepting help from russians giuliani says; unless it is a democrat. there fixed it for you.
0,it's very very small value of treason. really hardly treason at all. more like treasonish.
0,this is an incredibly bad precedent they're trying to set.
0,does anyone want to defend this? i would love to hear the delusional reason this is not treason
0,maybe nothing illegal with accepting help from russians.... but it's wrong you twat.
0,oh how i miss good leadership. compare this with what trump says and is. sad.
0,its incredibly sad what happened in sri lanka. i hope people are safe.
0,couldnt even call them christians
0,why are they saying easter worshippers? shouldnt it say christians? if a similar attack were to happen in a synagogue during passover would they say passover worshippers?
0,thank god at least we have a few dems in office who talk sense. the reason we're dealing with this right now is because we didn't try to impeach bush in 2006 but instead used his crimes as a campaign strategy to win in 2008.
0,yea but clinton was a democrat
0,yeah but his bj. now we know. projection.
0,republicans are known to protect their own. the question is whether the democrats going to do something about the maniac in the white house.
0,well he also committed perjury.  donald trump lies but he hasnt under oath.  (yet)
0,and the democrats protected clinton just as republicans will do for trump. we have to be honest here both parties are playing politics
0,the republicans are foaming at the mouth over this. it's disgusting how eager they are to turn to vigilantism when they don't get their way. party of law and order my ass.
0,this is likely due to the aclu being appalled by the actions of this man and taking steps to notify the fbi. any time we let the right attack the aclu we risk little things like this never happening.
0,lets not be confused about who we're talking about here these people are white supremacist who think they have the go ahead to discriminate because they have one of their own in the white house.
0,>todays arrest by the f. b. i. indicates clearly that the rule of law should be in the hands of trained law enforcement officials not armed vigilantes.yes we should all put our trust in our trained police forces.
0,deploy the state national guard. kill this militia
0,this is nonsense and not helpful at all. way of the bern is a rightie plant sub not to be taken seriously.all of no one is doing this. byeeeee
0,keep in mind that russian trolls are all over the internet trying to divide democrats so dont assume you are seeing real bernie supporters.   most of the seth rich stuff i have seen came from trump supporters.  we now know that it was wikileaks and the russians who spread the rumor that he was the source of the leaks to cover themselves.
0,no one besides a few crazies and russian or right wing trolls posts or believes anything crazy about seth rich. bernie sanders supporters and popularity is being maligned by corporate media- in that sense cnn fox and msnbc are the same in their smearing of bernie. why are you letting trolls and possibly foreign bad actors influence your opinion of progressives and millennials and young people who support sanders?
0,>so i don't expect an apology from sanders supporters or "progressives" for spending the last 3 years insisting that seth rich was the source of the dnc email hacks for wikileaks and that the dnc and hillary clinton personally had him killed for it. i understand that this apology will never be forthcoming. i a bernie sanders-supporter have never insisted such a thing. it is a terrible accusation. but i fully admit there are many crazy sanders-supporters. there are crazy sanders-supporters who spread conspiracy theoriesjust like there are crazy anti-sanders folks who insist that sanders is secretly racist or misogynist or that he was paid off by russia. sadly this is true for many politicians supporters. crazy sanders-supporters are unusually vocal about their craziness. personally i am of the opinion that sanders platform happens to appeal to those who are generally distrustful of politicians or the status quo. as a result in addition to sane supporters and those who just support his policies this attracts lunatics and conspiracy theorists. and those misanthropes tend to be very loud and obnoxious. so although i have never pushed the aforementioned seth rich conspiracy theory let me apologize on behalf of all those who have. they should not have done so.>what i would like to discuss is...why after the release of the mueller report are all of the sanders subs still insisting that there was a grand conspiracy to kill seth rich? even though they are actively hurting a grieving family and as far as i can tell are not attracting any new supporters to sanders by going on an on about seth rich. r/wayofthebern even has a sidebar link they added a few days ago insisting that seth rich was personally murdered by hillary clinton. not that this is limited to just that subreddit every bernie subreddit was banging the seth rich drum for such a long time...and many still do to this day. i do not subscribe to r/wayofthebern. i find it positively insane. their commenters sound like trump-supporters in their level of insanity just with a progressive twist. to be honest im not very active in any sanders subs so i cant speak for them. what i can say is that extremists when given a voice tend to attract those who feel ostracized. as such i have tried to decrease the ostracizing of sane sanders-supporters in r/democrats. many sane sanders-supporters do feel ostracized by more mainstream democrats (or those who have been influenced by the extremism in subs like r/enough_sanders_spam ).  i am of the opinion that if they felt more welcome here theyd be less likely to be swayed by extremism.>so i guess my question to bernie sanders supporters is...why are you so horrible? why would you use a young man's tragic murder as a plank in your "vote for bernie!" platform? what do you hope to gain by continually insisting it's true?as a bernie sanders-supporter im upset that you find me so horrible. extremists will do anything to push their agenda. if i had to guess id assume they believe that but pushing liberals away from mainstream democrats theyd default to bernie sanders. but this is just a guess. i also suspect many of them to be russian trolls or trump-plants.>i keep seeing a lot of sanders supporters insisting that bernie is being maligned by the media that people are dismissing his supporters out of hand . . . are you not dismissing sanders-supporters our or hand by virtue of this post though?>. . . that we original democrats must take your thoughts and feelings into account if we ever want to win another election . . .original democrats? when i turned 18 i drove to the office if the head of the democratic party in my hometown so i could register with my local party. i vote down the line (d) in every election. i have convinced friends to register to vote. i have canvassed and collected donations for the party.  and ive done this all years and years before sanders threw his hat into the ring in 2015. dont presume that someone is not a real democrat by virtue of supporting sanders.>. . . but when i go to your subreddits to learn what your thoughts and feelings are i see about a thousand posts and sidebars saying pizzagate is real that seth rich was murdered by the dnc not to mention the non-stop attacks on other candidates..not just attacks on their policies but attacks on their gender their sexuality their race etc.>it's hard to take you people seriously when this is the face you show to the world. i understand your anger and frustration. i agree with it. attacks based on gender sexuality and race should never be tolerated. as ive said before i suspect that some of these are trolls but i know thats not all of them. but what youre doing is conflating moderates with extremists. sadly just like you seem to assume that most-if-not-all sanders-supporters are lunatics many sanders-supporters tend to conflate mainstream democrats with the people who post on r/enough_sanders_spam. just like there are people who look for reasons to hate mainstream democrats there are those who look for reasons to hate sanders-supporters. if we can all learn to respect one anothers personal policy positions and candidate preferences the extremists on both sides would start to lose power.
0,not much to talk about. sanders fans will go as low and dirty as they can. the shit they pulled on warren with her dna rest shocked me. they're going to need votes from other candidates if they are going to win. they're more than happy to burn bridges for a 5 minute gain.
0,knew who it was before i even clicked it. this guy is worth looking at. he had brought to washington state the stuff other candidates dream of doing. he is one of the few who has actually done the things he talks about.
0,amazingly a drop of only 3%. showing that most people could not be swayed by anything. even if he shot someone on fifth ave. very sad to say the least.
0,memory is short. it'll pop back up especially with repeated bolstering by his fanclub.
0,fuck assange i hope he gets shivved in prison
0,again why i say hang assange !
0,so he was murdered?
0,totally agree. even further pardon those who are in jail for non-violent marijuana offenses like yang has advocated.
0,uh-oh. republicans are going to start saying bad things about her.
0,i'm glad to see this is an issue more and more democrats especially 2020 candidates are starting to agree on. legalize. tax. regulate. end the war on drugs and overhaul our unethical racist criminal justice system.
0,i don't love everything she does but i love how butt hurt she makes republicans.
0,tulsi 2020!!
0,trump wouldn't have hired him if he was concerned with upholding the law. he only hires spineless sycophants and amoral scumbags.
0,he's doing exactly what trump hired him to do. no surprise from me.......
0,he should resign!!!
0,he wrote a 19 page resume saying he would do just that.
0,miller looked like a fucking robot standing there i literally watched to see if he blinked. that guy scares me a bit.
0,"legal experts"
0,yeah yeah yeah dont complain about it do something remove bar as acting attorney general and take away his license to practice law.
0,colbert showed 3-4 clips of fox talking heads levelling same complaint. watch!the republican machine is *finally* turning on him. or are they just hedging bets?
0,i think he did a good job with the report. it was his job to determine if the evidence was enough to prosecute obstruction of justice beyond a reasonable doubt. he couldnt recommend it. its time to move on from this.
0,is anyone really surprised? slow news day i suppose.
0,why wouldnt they want a smarter gun to exist? this doesnt make sense to me.
0,its time to militarize the populations of the world in a global effort to prevent our own destruction im not sure that i agree with this part. what do you mean exactly?
0,this is pretty much exactly how the first world war started... former leader just decides to stop leading and everyone starts to jockey for new leadership. nature abhors a vaccum and it's unlikely everyone will just agree to go in the same direction.
0,well of course it doesn't?  the "full" story is going to necessarily be classified for quite some time.  i mean unless we care more about the world knowing the "full" story than we do about actually countering their actions.  i know which one i care more about.
0,the report is fairly clear that trump did obstruct several times and attempted to obstruct multiple times to cover various violations.  the report doesnt clearly show whether trump colluded with russia. the reason for this is not because trumps innocent of that its because the russia investigation is still ongoing with various agencies besides the fbi which deals mostly with national criminal investigations and likely includes multiple agencies such as the cia nsa dod and dhs and probably more. as a result much of the russia collusion and russian interference is redacted from muellers report.
0,mueller confirming what everyone knows.
0,trump is projection personified
0,why is this even news?
0,sounds like trumpty to make up stuff to get pissed off at... except again nobody was fooled but him.
0,well i could have told you that... -uncle rico
0,i hope someone told him this doesnt work with a nuclear launch  it seem he acts first without thought then thinks  oh shit i am fucked.
0,clickbait. wants to wait until people testify in front of the house judiciary committee. if he is still going to play "on the fence" after that it's time to find a primary challenger.
0,five white guys five white guys tell women who delivered house majority they don't matter seth moulton and #tim ryan are leading an effort to defeat nancy pelosi's bid for speaker but they don't seem to be able to offer a viable alternative.
0,just because he didnt do what trump asked doesnt mean don mc gahn isnt a total cunt either because he knew trump was committing crimes but just hung in there tried to burnish his fucking resume and never blew the whistle. fuck don mc gahn. hes a lawyer and no dummy and he knew better. that makes him the worst person in the wh not named trump or kushner imo.
0,i agreed wholeheartedly. at the very least he's guilty of conspiracy. there's no reason why he should not be put up for impeachment now. just based on the redacted report. imagine what the unredacted report will suggest (as far as criminal charges).&#x200b;dems need more intestinal fortitude. stop being so scared of impeachment or the possible rioting of the maga crowd.
0,its heartening to see that more and more dems in the field are calling for impeachment. warren is leading the charge and i liked that inslee first was first on the side of voting out to vote out the toxic culture of trumpism but is shifting as new evidence makes that solution too benign.
0,we could probably use a megathread for candidate positions on impeachment at this point.
0,morally and ethically it only makes sense to draft articles of impeachment.  people can say what they want about politically what it means but i've found that when you do the right thing as much as possible the cards fall in your favor.
0,so far all i know about pete is his dislike for pence and trump admiral qualities for sure i look forward to learning his positions when he gets around to putting it in writing. guess i'll have to wait for him to figure out what his donors want it is a pragmatic if old guard approach.
0,i think mayor pete should focus on his city with problems rather than try to run for president. but thats just me prolly.
0,impeachment at this stage is incredibly short sighted and i'm surprised pb would say this. the bar should be raised after the clinton bullshit impeachment not lowered.
0,oh my god what a brave soul he wants the donald to be impeached./s
0,>the republican national committee raised $15.5 million in march and spent almost as much  $13.5 million  as the committee prepares for the campaign for president donald trumps reelection.>the rnc ended the month with $33.1 million cash on hand. it has raised close to $46 million this year a staggering sum compared to the democratic national committee which has not yet released its fundraising totals for the month of march but had raised $12.7 million as of the end of february. the trump campaign announced earlier this week it had stockpiled $40 million adding to republicans campaign war chest as democrats instead enter a months-long primary election.
0,this man belongs in jail.  if he wasn't threatening democrats he would be going after his neighbors.  so give him a nice long prison sentence.
0,we can thank right wing politicians and #don the con for that
0,i mean. i'm conservative and tend to vote republican.  i'd imagine most of republicans are also happy this guy is caught.
0,but but her emails!!!
0,126 million people consumed russia propaganda.  sean hannity kelly ann conway djtjr all retweeted russia propaganda. according to mueller.  the report makes it very clear that evidence was either encrypted deleted or worse in the hands of the russians.  hillary lost due to a few counties in very few states.   will we ever be able to say definitively either way?  no.  were they influencers?  hell yeah.
0,they didnt impact my vote! lots of trump voters.
0,we get the democracy we deserve.
0,as it was intended to prove
0,this has republican written all over it.
0,>sen. maureen walsh **r**-16wow what a surprise who could have seen that coming? /s
0,is this perhaps in light of the contents of the redacted mueller report the first step in fox news backing away from the trump train because they see it as likely he's going down?
0,arrest them; press every possible charge.
0,there's a left wing paramilitary group? no one tells me anything...
0,this could turn deadly in a jiffy and it could spark some really nasty clashes. imagine if one of the migrants fights a militia and get shot and border patrol mistakenly thinks militia is a coyote and shoots militia man sparking an all out gun battle... jesus h christ!!!
0,crenshaw is a douche
0,who should we believe? a 9/11 firefighter or a guy that is just fine with the muller reports findings about how much trump lied?i mean at this point can we safely say that anyone supporting the republican party support active self servicing deception?
0,remember when this idiot went on snl calling for unity and civility? just another gop fraud.
0,smells like jade helm
0,crenshaw claims serra is highly dishonest in terms of his comments and association with rose.  its the pot and kettle all over again... sounds just like donnie doesnt it?
0,delusion has no bounds ...
0,hes a trump clone just another narcissistic horror show waiting to happen.
0,this is not a political question at this point. it is a requirement if the constitution means anything. democrats have to stop playing politics on this. it will cost them 2020 if they treat this like a political calculation.
0,it's so late in the game that it's almost pointless. elections are in 2020 and while trump is running we have no idea what his odds of winning are yet though the backlash to his failures to deliver and the tax scam reaction are not in his favor. either way at best it's a hail mary that getting senate members to take a position will affect elections. yes it could motivate people to vote them out if they're sick of trump and the senate's compliance with him. or it could backfire and lose us house and senate seats which we need more than we need a democrat president in 2020. the courts are already stacked. we need legal power. it would be the ultimate limp noodle look if an investigation carried into 2020 and trump isn't still president. even worse if it loses us votes we'll be in even worse shape.
0,i'm glad to see someone is trying to do what's right instead of solely focusing on what's politically convenient
0,buttigieg also called for impeachment
0,who cares. i want congressman to follow!
0,no other candidates will not follow.  because its stupid.  whats your plan?  another 2 year investigation?  how about win an election? if the democrats cant beat trump they should quit.
0,is it certain now that he hasn't?  there are 12 investigations we didn't know anything about and a handful of sealed indictments that may/may not be related to mueller. in any case i'm pretty confident that sdny will nail him to the wall.
0,this is my theory. mueller didn't want to indict jr. until ny closed its loophole where a person cannot be tried on a state level if they are already being tried on a federal level. 45 could pardon his son from federal charges assuming he was willing to plead guilty and then he'd be off scot free. once ny fixes its loophole he will be indicted and tried in ny if not on federal charges.
0,mueller plainly laid out all the evidence that they found talked about what was lost due to encryption/destruction explicitly refused to exonerate trump and clearly called for congress to take the next steps...
0,it's not a mystery at all mueller spells it out plainly and literally: doj guidelines hold that he can't indict a sitting president and mueller chose to play everything by the book. it's up to the house to start impeachment proceedings so we can get a fuller picture and remove the president on the basis of criminal activity. by not indicting himself mueller also *explicitly* noted that trump could be prosecuted if out of office in the next few years. tell steny hoyer to shut his mouth and for democrats to not softball a criminal president as if it's just a campaign advantage. maybe pass the message to pelosi as well.[edit: i read the headline as trump not jr whoops]
0,indicting a president is not just a legal move but a political one. mueller understandably did not want to tread into that territory. his report is unbiased and neutral it's up to congress to interpret the report and hold the president accountable.
0,it's no mystery everything has to be framed in such a way to prevent trump from pardoning jr. muller gathered and consolidated information for other organizations to act and right now the gop are currently going to try and stonewall legal action against them burry evidence claim ignorance misdirect and scapegoat. they have no idea the full extent of mueller's findings or what other organizations more have against them. they know putin has dirt that might flip their voters against them but now they have to decide against america or putin. it's likely why we saw and are seeing so many republicans have been jumping ship. either trump is to criminal for their comfort or they have been caught and are protected their own asses. they saw the indictments they are well aware of cohen's material they know trump is compromised. putin and trump waged war against the fbi cia nsa the highest gdp states and allied powers. every protest dwarfs right wing gatherings. every violent act another right winger does and is imprisoned for is an example. the calling of white supremacists terrorist eats away at their support. their inability to field a functional city that can compare to liberal cities is a real world indicator that conservitism doesn't work.
0,its not a mystery at all. the doj subscribes to the unitary executive theory the president can not commit a crime.
0,because he's a republican
0,mueller unlike trump and the gop still respects rule of law and the judicial system. it is not his place to indict him. unless trump is implicated in one of the sealed indictments (which could be wasted if mueller overreached) he is wise not to pursue an indictment without congress making the first moves.
0,correct me if im wrong but mueller effectively said his job was to collect the evidence and the rest of the government to do with it what they will
0,im no expert. and correct me if im wrong. would mueller indict for crimes outside of the scope of his investigation? i would assume yes but would it be possible that this evidence would just be passed onto investigators whose purview is dt jr.?
0,it's not really a mystery it's says in the report that there was no evidence of a direct agreement between the two parties for coordination. the july 9th meeting shows that they tried to get information but prosecutors can't prove that a deal between the two parties was actually made which is the final piece to establish conspiracy. a lot of information had been deleted or withheld due to fifth amendment protections though so a smoking gun could have existed but they were not able to obtain it.
0,because he would have been almost instantaneously pardoned.
0,i think he felt sorry for him because hes so fucking stupid.
0,so don jr. was too much of a dullard to indict?
0,if jr. was indicted the potus would then pardon his son. nobody wants to see that happen.
0,i thought it was bc he was too stupid to understand if he committed a crime or not?
0,lol... why didn't they want this "ditzy bartender" (as the right calls her) to come? lol apparently they're afraid she's "smarter" than the coal miners?
0,isnt he the guy thats known for lying for trump?
0,somewhere bill clinton is watching all this and chuckling.
0,i was a 12yo in 1994 when i enrolled into a free calligraphy class at a bronx community center.  giuliani cut funding and therefore my course got cancelled.  i sent him angry mail (with samples of calligraphy ) and got no reply.  i am now nearly 38 live far away from the bronx and i still hold this grudge.  i cant wait for him to finally fall into obscurity.  ps rg is a bronx joke! (he married his cuz in st philip neri church).  so happy yankee stadium booed him for his bday!!!
0,what do you expect from immoral dropped on its head rudy
0,and mitt can put it all behind now and move on he's done here.
0,all these republicans do is put out meaningless statements and move on to aiding and abetting
0,he should also be sickened by his party and himself
0,he may be sickened but hes done his part to support trumpy. fuck him. hes a two faced bitch.
0,he is so sickened he will do nothing.
0,i have a different question under this scenario. if there was zero collusion on the russian's proven interference with out election how come trump has done zero to punish them and zero to assure such blatant attacks on out country do not happen again?
0,why anyone would put this lying sack of shit on the air is beyond me.     stop giving her air time
0,the whca are too spineless to do anything
0,they should but they won't. news is a business not a service.
0,to be perfectly honest i think this administration would love that.
0,shes going to lie wether youre there or not dont go why waist your time.
0,2 chins and a side chin. how does one even have a double chin or even triple chin on the side of their face? its like a beard of chins. probably from telling **lies.**
0,should but wont...the press should have boycotted trumpty right from the git go...they didnt and became part of the problem...
0,apparently the only candidate with balls.
0,> *elizabeth warren wants the house to start impeachment proceedings against trump*decluttered version of this slate magazine's article archived on april 19 2019 can be viewed on https://outline.com/acqvr l
0,just avoid the right. completely cut them out of any dialog and discussion. they are a threat to journalists and internally support liars.
0,the democrats and potential presidential candidates need to jump all over this. under this disgrace of a president u. s. soldiers where disarmed and interrogated on u. s. soil by soldiers of a foreign army. &#x200b;this never happened under obama clinton or bush or any other post-civil war president. this is an absolute disgrace. and it happened on drumpf's watch.
0,>that's actually what i said at the beginning of your presidency the late show host joked. i don't think he was joking.
0,likely because they directly involved most of the gop and right wing organizations.
0,jay inslee is the guy who has actually done all the other candidates just talk about doing. as governor of washington. he has already brought a public option healthcare plan to the state. he's is the man all the other candidates want to be.
0,**"republicans represent some of the fastest-warming states in the country."**&#x200b;often illegally. one look at north carolina could convince anyone that their control of the legislature isn't legitimate.
0,we can safely assume republicans are outright liars. they likely know climate change is real and know the poor are going to be most effected by it.
0,more like criminal.  then again look who their president is (not mine even though im an american).
0,when there is no lower to go treason is kinda the bottom.
0,there never was but he doesnt care and neither does djt
0,republicans don't need no steeking credibility. the country votes majority democrat and our government is majority republican. this isn't a democracy it's a country where republicans are an occupying force.
0,william barr must resign?   he won't because he's a piece of shit?hammer him and republicans every.single.day.  "republicans are weak on national security they've got a stooge as ag who lied to the american people to cover up russian attacks on america.""barr is not america's ag he's a personal lawyer to president trump.  republicans are weakening our laws and reputation to cover up trump's corruption."etc etc etc never let anyone forget what's going on.
0,resign?  that would require morals and ethics.  he has neither.
0,that's the problem with the gop; it's swamp all the way down or siberian tundra in this case.
0,he will never resign. he auditioned for the job he wanted and got it. hes nothing more than a political hack.
0,credibility has never been a concern unless applied to democrats...
0,he doesnt need to credibly run the do j as there is no credibility in this administration.
0,he's about protecting trump not the country.  the sad thing is he doesn't make jeff sessions look so bad.
0,the funny thing is that i trust him more than i do trump. yeah that's not saying much but at least barr you can predict.
0,considering you could replace barr with most of trump's administration i have a feeling he won't resign.
0,diss barred from ever practicing again would be more fitting !
0,honestly i don't care if he stays. my only condition would be that we make a slight name adjustment:he now is the head of the department of "justice"
0,why not trump has no credibility and he's not about to resign. there is no such thing as accountability in our government. trump will most likely not be impeached at all no matter what he does.
0,not surprising. we know they hacked election. to get dumb in
0,"because we determined not to make a traditional prosecutorial judgement we did not draw conclusions about the president's conduct.  the evidence we obtained about the president's actions and intent presents difficult issues that would need to be resolved if we were making a traditional prosecutorial judgement. at the same time if we had confidence after a thorough investigation of the facts that the president clearly did not commit obstruction of justice we would so state.  based on the facts and the applicable legal standards we are unable to reach that judgement.  accordingly while this report does not conclude that the president committed a crime it also does not exonerate him". literally nothing about that exonerates him!
0,is freak show to harsh?
0,too bad the cancer has metastasized.
0,his wife's silence since the report came out has been deafening.
0,too bad the senate is the one to do it and we all know the retarded turtle won't let that happen.
0,while i agree with most of the things george conway says about trump i can't help but be a bit suspicious.  he is married to a trump enabler.  i can't even be friends with my trump supporting former friends anymore and have distanced myself a bit from my trump supporting relatives.
0,you can tell what the right wing thinks of intellectuals by who they say are their "intellectuals". it's like saying chef boyardee is your personal cook.
0,trump is not smart enough to know if he's fucked or not.
0,misleading headline.  he meant it in the context of having a special counsel appointed means you can get very little passed.  not defending the guy but the quote is being taken out of context by a lot of outlets.
0,can someone give me the exact area i can look at where mueller suggests congress take action?
0,ive made this point for that last year. mueller needs congress.
0,guess trump was wrong about this like hes wrong about most everything. were going on almost 3 years and nothing is going to happen.
0,he was fucked long before that...
0,like anything the man has ever said mattered...
0,narrator: he was correct. hes fucked.
0,i will vote for the democratic nominee whether it's biden bernie booker buttigieg or a bacon egg and cheese sandwich.*that said* jesus christ we don't need another old straight white dude in the race especially not a handsy one with boundary issues. maybe once just once we should elect someone that was born after the last world war.
0,no thanks.  dont need someone right of obama at this time.  he won't beat donny.
0,biden is going to have a huge advantage being the first to primary states are in iowa and new hampshire
0,all i want is for biden to have a selina meyer fantasy and get stuck with the vp role again.
0,i find it interesting that biden has lost presidential bids twice before but everyone is fine with that while since losing her second bid hillary has faced non-stop demands that she live out the rest of her life as a hermit. this is of course not at all biden's fault i just think it's a really blatant example of the misogyny still endemic in the american left.
0,i like biden. sorry haters but if you don't like him then support and vote for someone else.
0,jeezus enough with the boomer generation...step aside.
0,this is how you get another term for trump and his mafia circle of administration. sad!
0,biden would be a great pair with sanders.
0,journalist. right. just another friend of putin doing his bidding. oh julian by the time you get here trump will be gone and you are going to go down so hard. have you seen that supermax in florence colorado? you think the embassy was bad. if you weren't so gutless you be better off doing the good nazi thing.
0,so fucked i remember when reddit was floating around a picture of him spouting their hate.
0,just let sdny lock him up instead it has more meaning !
0,it's bizarre that the only reason trump isn't in more trouble is because he's as incompetent at crime as he is at running the country.
0,leadership already said no impeachment.  they will give donny a pass out of fear of backlash from republican voters.
0,so hes dumb when convenient and stupid the rest of the time...got it !
0,he answered some form of "i don't remember" thirty times. that's thirty more things they could have gotten him on that never came to light.
0,im not a republican... i turned away because of my disgust for the practice of shielding priests who abuse children.
0,trump is the republican pope.
0,separation of church and state is for the benefit of the church
0,other than a wedding and a funeral i haven't been to church since the 2016 election.  i rarely went on my own anyway but sometimes i would tag along if i was visiting my parents and they were going.  i can't stand that so many christians voted for trump because they hate abortion and lgbt so much and i do not want to affiliate myself with that.  many religious people i know voted for him for that reason.
0,religion should be a bastion of hope for hopeless but it is really a pit of vipers telling themselves they are bunnies.
0,i associate fundamentalist religion of any sort as one of the root causes of war around the world.
0,yes but with barrs gift of exoneration to trump he and the rest of trumps cronies and fox news will make certain that the rabid right and the merely-drooling right will not hear obstruction but exoneration only.
0,yes... it's on page one. my immediate question is since there definitely was russian interference in our election why hasn't trump done anything and what has he done to prevent it from happening again. this inaction alone should be reason to scare the shit out of everyone.
0,the sad thing is his cult will still vote for him.
0,we can only hope.
0,since most political pundits believe that independents are key to winning i think it's a clever scheme to pass a bill like you described. thanks for the post op.
0,honestly i agree with this. impeachment is the angry first response to this president and would have been great two years ago but now it's kore worth it let him keep fucking up and making the democrats look good. and if by some miracle he does get reelected they've got material to use against him then. impeaching him now would be like moving out of an already checkmate game to take your opponents bishop
0,they both need to spend more time together... in a power-dead spacecraft floating into the sun.
0,may 23?!!!!  wtf?!!  this is typical political bullshit! we want it all and we want it now! stand up and make it happen!
0,maybe barr will pull a whitaker and tell nadler your five minutes are up and nadler will....do nothing and move on.  toughen the f up.
0,why a month from now?  the public doesn't need to see it all i get that there are ongoing investigations.  but his committee needs to have it now not in a month.
0,let's go on impeachment! contact your reps
0,and what will he do if he does not get it? provide another fucking deadline?
0,> *a former doj spokesman on why barrs press conference was disgraceful*decluttered version of this slate magazine's article archived on april 18 2019 can be viewed on https://outline.com/9lucw3
0,if trump asked putin he could leak the report out to us early.
0,putin is very honest we should trust his word over trump and mueller for sure.
0,i shouldn't laugh because this shit is serious but you caught me off guard.
0,psh putin couldn't care less. he's probably beside himself laughing at how badly the united states government is handling trump in general.
0,not satire.  this (at least the title) is almost certainly happening.
0,the boss does not do shit like that it goes to the apprentice adolf "boldfinger" twitler
0,what we need is a wikileaks-type organization who is willing to leak this type of stuff. wikileaks can't be trusted of course since they are simply a front for russian intelligence. and you know *they* aren't going to leak an uncensored version of the report.
0,i'm sure that's just a happy coincidence
0,no collusion
0,why would he condemn something that got him in his current position?
0,did anyone expect anything else?  the man is the great american stain.
0,i still want to know what cohen did for hannity.
0,any plan that relies on ben fucking sasse to do the right thing instead of just moralizing about doing right things is a plan built on nothing more than pipe dreams. that dude is a completely empty suit.
0,some would talk a good game but most if not all of them would not go against trump on something so important.
0,i'd be shocked if even one of them did.  most of them are probably worried about re-election (gardner collins ernst sasse)  i was surprised 12 voted to terminate the "national emergency."  but you can bet your ass i'll be calling my senator (portman) today to tell him to vote for impeachment.
0,trump is hugely popular with republican voters.  unless that changes no republican senator will turn on him.  and you assume all dems will.....have you heard of joe manchin?   if they could convince pence to jump aboard....he would become president after all....then maybe.  but once again  if pence pisses off republican voters he will only be president for a few months with no hope of reelection.   and all senators that supported him will be voted out too.
0,they will if they show up.  thats the key
0,need a woman to clean our political house
0,but only if they vote.
0,buttigieg is the reason i became a democrat after 18 years of being a republican. literally got this in the mail today: [https://i.imgur.com/nd wto5g.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/nd wto5g.jpg)
0,this is why there are about a thousand attack threads in this sub and politics attacking buttigieg.  hes the latest target for the bern-atics
0,i'd definitely prefer buttigieg to sanders. versus biden not quite so sure but honestly i suspect his age would be a big point against him in the election. honestly not sure why people aren't talking about this more but i really don't think people will want another older president after all of trump's embarrassing senior moments on the world stage.
0,> *william barr has failed america*decluttered version of this slate magazine's article archived on april 18 2019 can be viewed on https://outline.com/nfyg ca
0,i dont know if you can fail if you never intended to try in the first class. failed at cheating maybe.
0,i hate to be this way but are we just screwed? i'm currently of the mindset that impeachment may have never been a real option. should we just focus on the election now?
0,> *what the mueller report says about comeys firing*decluttered version of this slate magazine's article archived on april 18 2019 can be viewed on https://outline.com/bfq rh3
0,i'm sorry but if a candidate isn't for medicare for all and green new deal they are for the imminent death and destruction of american lives in the next 10+ years. there's only enough political oxygen to support candidates that fight for us. ignore the rest.
0,i guess we'll get an idea of how many republican voters are partisan pushovers looking for an out of the trump administration and how many are actually fully on board with the trump agenda. time will tell.
0,trump is a nation embarrassment moron and re-normalizing racism. i consider myself a liberal but i'd a would be willing to take a republican as president if there were any chance to return sanity civility and responsibility. also have a president who isn't a literal laughing stock would be nice too (trump's un speech).
0,the best thing weld can do is create a second front against a common enemy.  if donnies people are expending energy fighting weld thats energy not aimed at the dems.
0,funny he was a libertarian in 2016.
0,im excited to see what he can do. hes a bright serious guy with a sense of humor and healthy ego. he will chip away at trump and drive him crazy... until he gets coopted and bought off by the republican donors. i could almost see him on a split ticket. i think that would be an even greater threat to trump.
0,are we going to discuss this as if it were a thing thats actually going to happen?
0,i wonder how many votes he'll get.  i'd love to see trump primaried but so many people in the gop stand by him no matter what.
0,methinks bill weld is out of touch with conservative voters.
0,if you are a registered democrat please consider voting in the republican primary to support this guy. no reason you cant!
0,youre almost as stupid as tim pool
0,the low life isn't worth it. things are going to play out correctly without impeachment.
0,in summary: russia helped the trump campaign. trump liked this assistance and directed his staff to seek out russian assistance. after the campaign djt his family and his staff lied about their contacts with russia. djt tried to impede the fbis investigation into interference by firing the fbi director. djt tried to do more to impede the investigation by firing mueller. the only reason this didnt happen is that a staffer refused to carry out the firing. mueller couldnt prove direct knowledge of collusion on the part of trump or junior. hence no inditement of the president himself. the ball is in congresss court but a president has never been successfully impeached in 250 years of the usa so our only hope is 2020.
0,and no mention of elizabeth warren.
0,i agree with jim's assessment but with so many candidates in the field he may slip through as the nominee
0,bernie ftw.
0,he should not accept the redacted report it is that fucking simple.
0,barr is so in the president's pocket. the press conference left no doubt.
0,then theyre not sanders supporters to vote for trump means theyre ok with what he is and what he does fools.
0,there is a weird cross section of voters like this.  in the last presidential election i knew a guy who had this take.  he said he really liked trump but would vote for bernie if he could.  i was very surprised and pointed out to him that they have nothing in common.  but the thing is both of those guys had gone out of their way to talk to people like him.  the people living in the red areas of every state the ones missing out on the prosperity party the urban blue zones are enjoying they want somebody who cares about them.  hillary never reached out to them.  she thought she could win without the deplorables.  and she probably could have if she didn't have the opposite of charisma and a cyber campaign against her sponsored by the kremlin.  but trump and bernie court that demographic.  trump makes them think he cares about them with lies.  but bernie actually does care about them at least so far as i can tell.  i think sanders / warren would be an unbeatable ticket.  i doubt the democratic party would allow that to happen but there is enormous popular support for bernie.
0,reposting from another comment to clear things up:that is a very tiny sample for supporters of individual candidates. according to the emerson poll 49% of klobuchar supporters 50% of inslee supporters 45% of yang supporters and 42% of booker supporters would vote for trump over bernie if he was the nominee. hell 38% of klobuchar voters and 49% of the yanggang say they're voting for trump if harris is the nominee! and even biden supporters say 16% of them would vote trump over warren.  a good part of those voters come from "ancestral" democrats who aren't voting democrat in the general but have to vote in our primary. 5% of the sanders "supporters" in that poll say they'd still vote for trump over him in a general. moral of the story- don't dig through the crosstabs especially in a sample size of less than 100!
0,bernie's fanbase has some real issues with perspective and anger. if bernie doesn't win some want the world to burn.
0,any bernie supporters reading this reconsider that approach. bernie is big on medicare for all. so are many other dems. bernie is big on raising wages and economic growth. so are other dems. bernie understands the gravity of climate change and ecological responsibility. so do all dems. trump is opposed to all progressive ideas as well as reason and empathy. i used to dislike this phrase but we must for the future of our country and planet vote blue no matter who.
0,im not much of a democrat but why in the hell are so many democrats against bernie? its obvious that is the most liked amongst democrats why dont they back him? excuse my ignorance
0,wow that sounds like plain nonsense.  i know a lot of folks that are bernie fans and i know for a fact there is no way a single one of them would vote for trump in any circumstance.
0,i wonder if sanders supporters are just trying to express how serious they are about him. the bigger danger is that his voters will stay home rather than vote for djt. i will never vote for a republican for the rest of my life but im appalled and disgusted by warrens handling of her indian ancestry. the lies and dishonesty keep stacking up and for me this is borderline disqualifying (obviously id vote for her in 2020 but i know of a few who wouldnt).
0, " ... but rudys trumps private lawyer. he has no government position. how can it be right for rudy to have seen or been briefed on the report ahead of members of congress?"don't be surprised to hear that mueller's report was passed around to the membership at mar-a-lago last weekend.
0,and i used to think rudy was one of the better republicans.
0,i mean at the fox news talk the majority of people with private insurance said they would want /wouldn't mind switching to public
0,do you realize medicare for all means losing insurance through your employer? there goes your majority support big time. that is a polled fact.
0,must be a fast reader to come to that conclusion 7 hours after the report is released.
0,the geriatric house leadership is still living in 1999.  they must act now while the iron is hot even if its just initiating impeachment hearings.  to wait plays right in trumps spin cycle.
0,they aren't wrong. but i hope there's enough embarrassing things in that report to keep the attention on him for a while
0,he was always going to be free. you can't indict a sitting president. or at least there's no precedent for it and nobody has the guts to try. this has been and continues to be a matter of stripping out trump's support network as much as possible and provide a compelling case for everyone not committed to a party to be more active one way or the other in the coming 2020 election. the mueller report in effect is going to be a social barometer to decide how much support the idea of impeaching trump has. if it's high enough congress will move to impeach and likewise if enough senate members feel it's in their best interest to convict they will. that becomes more or less a matter of how many seats the democrats hold and gain in the senate as well as how much support trump loses from the meuller report's final verdict as well as his overall performance. if he falls out of favor enough there may be some r seats that will turn on him. impeachment is political theater. the actors play their part according to their audience.
0,if trump committed crimes and the gop are complicit in upholding the law their positions as public servants which is their job and their oath then they are criminals more so than whatever trump does. they are not public servants. they are serving themselves first. they are not legally innocent. they are activity participating in keeping a person above the law. they are criminals. period. end of story. they need to do their fucking jobs or go to prison. no one should be above the law and we need to remind them of that.
0,every time his true character flaws are exposed i feel certain he loses more supporters despite the laughing cheering drooling faces behind him at his rallies.  if enough of his flaws are exposed to the light of truth he will be very disappointed in 2020 november.  that unfortunately does not take into account the number of regretful trump voters who post on r/trumpgret and r/trumpgrets who are driven back to the trump camp by the vitriol spewed at them by the subsequent anti-trump comments.  those people are either every bit as fanatic as trumps base or theyre actually from trumps base commenting that way on purpose as trollers.
0,it should have been released in full right away.
0,free to do more misdeeds you mean...
0,until hes out of office and needs to answer to the tax crimes that sdny has him dead to rights on
0,i don't think sanders is the best candidate but at this point in time in 2015 jeb bush had gotten the most money and wrapped up the nomination. all this is horse race noise right now. the odds are because obviously neither have greater than 50% it will not be either of them.
0,except as it stands now being last might have been best this time since there will probably be no nominee by the convention which means california would have had the largest influence by going last. oh well.
0,this. we need to investigate this.
0,i pray someone just leaks the full thing after there dumbass version comes out
0,why are they rebutting it if " it exonerates him! "?
0,of course. doesnt the da always help the accused prepare their defense? i call it the epstein model.
0,this is why there is no winning by treating republicans as honest but misled. there is no dealing with them intellectually. the disease must be stomped out by voting the into oblivion. i don't care if they get their feelings hurt in the process.
0,fox news is a disease upon america.
0,obama is black.  trump is not.  that is all that you need to know.
0,im convinced it was always part of the plan. they spent 8 years priming thier viewers to believe that crazy extreme things were being done in the obama white house so when thier president goes in and does the same it seems like just deserts.
0,can someone try to produce something similar from msnbc where theyre freaking out over claims of trump doing something that they were silent about when obama was doing it.  ill wait but im not gonna hold my breath. edit:  im not suggesting that there might not be one or two examples of some guest making some comment that could be construed to be similar to foxs hypocrisy.  go find evidence of systemic hypocrisy on the left that even remotely resembles what we see from fox
0,no they lied about what obama does then omit them when trump actually does the things they made up.    the problem with the country is the republican party and fox news.
0,to be fair i'm pretty sure every news station has one of these types of compilations.
0,>  regina williams-preston got into politics so that the city wouldnt do to anyone else what the mayors big redevelopment plan did to her.   >  > ...cost her family **several investment properties they hoped to repair** but couldnt after williams-prestons husband suffered a serious illness. she has a point about fining people who can't afford upkeep making the problem worse but well [earlier](https://www.southbendtribune.com/news/elections/south-bend-mayoral-candidate-says-her-code-violations-will-help/article_cbd0ec12-9dfe-5422-8b90-fa72b448258a.html)....>more than two years ago the city of south bend sued common council member regina williams-preston and her husband over unpaid fines from code violations on nine properties they owned.  >  >the combined fines at one point topped $72000.  >  > the city filed the suits against williams-preston and her husband tyrone preston in july 2016  seeking $7238 in costs and fines from her and about $65000 from him. the couple collectively **owned nine residential properties** in the city including their home on north elmer street. **they planned to renovate some and demolish others**.   >  > **these were not properties we were going to flip and make a bunch of money on** \[regina williams-preston\] said. it was just alright lets improve this little area. this is our homestead. my parents lived here. his parents lived here. this is our neighborhood were not going anywhere. hmmmm. 8 properties they bought for cheap but "we'rent going to make a bunch of money on." excuse me if i don't buy that.
0,im really not following what the point of this article is supposed to be. it mentions gentrification and displacement but focuses on a woman whose family lost "investment properties" (aka they are landlords).i dont know about the background of this issue yet but i know a lot of pseudo-progressives argue in bad faith about gentrification and displacing poor people as cover for blocking dense housing.
0,pete tore down 600 houses and helped repair 400. the hollowing of middle america towns and cities is real. and empty and decaying houses between inhabited homes is a real problem.  detroit's mayor was dealing with huge tracts of abandoned houses too.
0,i don't believe it.  we need the unredacted report barr is not to be trusted
0,if that's truly the case trump will go on a twitter rampage tonight completely and utterly disparaging his ag whom he'd hired as his personal treason protection assistant. this could well be the biggest cover-up in history.  undoubtedly the founding fathers are rolling in their graves.
0,lets be clear - not all trump supporters are racists but all racists are trump supporters.
0,saw a video today of a guy named "mr. obvious" where he proceeds to say honkler is a meme that triggers the "npcs and sjws" saying that it only looks racist because they made it so. and of course he doesn't mention 4chan convos where they explicitly say that it is in fact a bigoted meme.
0,these fucking nazis keep taking discord emotes i like and turning them into dog-whistles. stop turning my frog into a fascist.
0,my friend who i'll just call uncle ruckus put this as his profile pic so i sent this meme to him
0,this meme is such an obvious dog whistle. my friend sent it to me and said he was dying. i don't find what's so amusing about it.
0,i havent seen this meme yet and honestly dont even know what search terms to put in for it on know your meme or whatever. anybody got a quick summary?
0,for someone confused look up "clown_world" on reddit. it's an alt right subreddit that has a bunch of these memes.
0,there are no depths the pretzel brains won't stoop to.
0,is there any way to be alt-right and not subscribe to white supremacy? richard spencer's worldview center around the "white genocide" myth.
0,there's a really fantastic video vaush made on how exactly it operates https://youtu.be/csc p830j2ka. but it's basically crypto fascism they use them to signal specific nazi worldviews and the deniability is the point.
0,i never understood this. how is the clown racist? what is the story behind it?
0,im late to the clown thing whats this new meme of theirs
0,i'm still out here posting clown memes and i'm no bigot.
0,i'd just like to point out that the third line does not logically follow from the second. something being "after" does not mean that it is a consequence. if patrick were a real person instead of a cartoon starfish all they would have to say is "that doesn't make sense to me" in their reply to the third line and the argument falls apart.
0,is it just me or does anyone else find it strange that not a single person in the aryan brotherhood picture is an aryan?
0,why is literally every member of the alt right the ugliest batch of fuckers ive ever seen?
0,and yet fox news refuses to call these people terrorists.
0,a nd wh o s ay s w hi te pe op le do nt ha ve cu lt ur e
0,chop off those nazi arms
0,for those curious this happened last november. [source.](https://www.fox23.com/news/trending-now/investigators-find-rocket-launcher-pipe-bombs-during-raid-on-florida-white-supremacist-gangs/874977495)>pasco county fla. - investigators seized 110 illegal weapons including a rocket launcher and two functional pipe bombs and several pounds of drugs and indicted 39 members or associates of florida white supremacist gangsthe u. s. attorneys office said thursday.>the three-year investigation dubbed operation blackjack snared members of theunforgivenandunited aryan brotherhoodgangswfts reported.>thirty-nine unforgiven & united aryan brotherhood gang members & associates indicted for arms & drug trafficking in pasco county.@pasco sheriffhttps://t.co/tik dmoj mof usao middle florida (@usao_mdfl)november 15 2018>those indicted range in age from 24 to 48 and were facing various charges including possessing firearms and pipe bombs and possession and distribution of heroin and methwtsp reported.>you know these are one of those very proud moments we have"pasco county sheriff chris told wfts. its scary when you look over that table and you see those guns and they are in the hands of felons."the suspects are facing two years to life in prisonwfts reported. some indictments have already led to convictions and sentences of up to 10 yearswtsp reported.
0,of course they got their tee-shirt tucked in their jeans. never trust someone under 60 that tucks tshirts in.
0,maybe we should be building that wall along the mason-dixon line.
0,as a woman i can't imagine being a neo nazi or supportive/sympathetic of the movement whatsoever. it is a movement that only believes my place is in the kitchen and producing white children. i know of pickmes but this is... really bizarre to see honestly
0,"has become"?
0,a rocket launcher?!?!
0,it'll take bastards like these attacking cops or military before the government picks its boots up and goes zero tolerance on these clowns.
0,you won't find one of these fucks that isn't a gigantic sack of shit. which explains their love for donald trump. and his love for them.
0,what the fuck is that flag behind them? it looks like a mini confederate flag stitched onto..... the french flag?i guess they just wanted to remember their heritage of surrendering to everyone else.
0,a rocket launcher
0,r/beholdthemasterrace
0,hitler would have taken one look at this crew and sent them off on a train.
0,and hear i was thinking this photo was from a the_dumpster get together! silly me!
0,dude on the left looks like the evil wizard from avengers infinity wars
0,wow this is actually true
0,are they really putting a swastika on an american flag? and these people are not in jail?those who dont learn the lessons of the past are doomed to repeat it. fix education
0,but but how else are they supposed to protect themselves from the violent libruls and scary brown people who talk all funny-like?! /s
0,hell i just see a group of trump voters in the photo.
0,so tired of republican extremists
0,become?
0,trunp: just a ''few good folks.'' with guns on meth doin the loards werk.
0,i suspect that they don't vote.
0,that's not aryan brotherhood. aryan brotherhood is a notoriously violent criminal gang. these are just racist dorks when would be murdered by said violent criminal outfit.
0,you mean there's more than one bad guy?
0,got a nagging feeling that fox news never mentioned this story probably spent the whole day complaining about aoc or ilhan omar for one reason or another.
0,where are the tall fit blonde men with rippling muscles and strong obedient blonde women with perfect genes?&#x200b;how did it come to steroid monkeys balding fatsos inbred families with a collective iq of 2 digits and scrawny dudes with asthma to uphold the "purity" of the aryan race?&#x200b;oh yeah because neonazis would be the grunts and brainless goons in a regime where people with education and social grace run the show and those people fucking despise you for the septic waste neonazis are.
0,same as uk where conservative party destroyed the country to appease the looney right who've now taken over the party
0,state your sources for your meeeeeeeeeeemes
0,how does this have anything to do with the gop?
0,three cheers for the absolute madlad that pulled it off.
0,"support group" my ass haha closer to terrorist group than support group
0,i always wonder why these articles are written so sympathetically. everyone has  a hard childhood. not everyone turns into a hateful piece of self pitying shit who fantasizes about violence.
0,every one of those guys wants to be the next elliot rodger. they aren't in a "support group" they're in the recruiting space of goddamned terrorists.
0,i seriously wish to go back to the time before the internet.
0,i'm so happy i'm gay after reading this
0,the old paraphrased saying goes "if ten people are at a table and one is a nazi and the others are not punching him actively and repeatedly the table has 10 nazis".
0,the mental gymnastics these people perform.
0,i saw the post that twitterer was citing. it was them complaining that it was hamfisted and cringey just for different reasons than he probably thought it was.
0,he thinks being criticized for being a white power advocate is like what christ went through on the way to the cross.
0,yes your troubles with these controversies were similar to being nailed to a cross by your hands and feet and left to rot.
0,this asshole literally leaves me speechless and in need of pepto bismal.
0,if jesus came back steve king would want him crucified.
0,remember it's "don't tread on me" not "don't tread on you"don't mess with his struggle but fuck your struggle.
0,its also the same ben carson who tried to hit his mother over the head with a hammer. according to him at least.
0,so scott walker is a super douche but denim day is a real thing really in support of sexual assault victims. it is not mocking the victims
0,they're trying to make brexit a christian issue. people like widdecombe and farage believe in christian sharia law. dangerous nutcases.
0,old bat will be dead soon probably. fuck her.
0,honestly if this siphons votes from the tories and ukip i'm all for it.
0,is there actually any proof that the russian government had anything to do with brexit?  i was a remain voter but that just seems like red scare hysteria.
0,it's utterly not ironic that the second the last of the "boomers" got out of college it became illegal to file bankruptcy on student loans. i'm on the leading edge of gen-x and we were the first to be fucked by these hypocritical assholes.
0,the equivalent of saying a cure for cancer would be a slap in the face for everybody who has ever had cancer
0,since the system is set up shitty and unfair to me it should stay shitty and unfair for everyone forever /s
0,this thinking is idiotic currently struggling to pay my loans but would love to see future generations not to have to go through the same shit.
0,you know i'd probably be a little annoyed at this point only owing like 30k left. but like i'd love to have children. and i want a better world and stronger country.
0,the emancipation of slaves was a slap in the face to all the slaves that were never freed.
0,i for one want the economy to not be slowed down for the foreseeable future because of the massive burden of student loans so i'll pay my 35k if everyone else can be forgiven
0,its like saying that because i was in hospital with meningitis when i was one a cure for meningitis would be slapping me in the face
0,goes to show you how self-centered and selfish people on the right are.
0,ending war would be a slap in the face to all veterans who were drafted
0,not surprising the supporters of a /r/president warren our far smarter than that of trump.
0,cant stand that woman. didnt she vote against gay marriage etc?
0,maximum victim complex.
0,its almost like theres nothing wrong with being gay
0,well because it's normal to be gay. someone being gay does not have an affect on making people poorer etc. but it's not normal or well accepted to be a shitty person (conservative) who votes for policies that literally want to harm people less fortunate than you or different from you.
0,lmao i love it because these guys always call people special snowflakes but they love victim status as much as anyone else. oh those poor persecuted conservatives!
0,"but like just don't be gay right? i can't *choose* not to conservative."
0,conservatives have become the whiniest bitches in american history.
0,i won't upvote this because the world should forget this name.
0,how the fuck does he justify putting nazis in the same sentence as people who are black or belong to the lgbtq communities?
0,former skinheads can be remorseful and recant but that's the only kind of beswastikaed person i can coexist with.
0,i want to live in a world where wearing anything associated with fascism is seen as morally unforgivable... but you know 
0,imagine being so delusional that you believe that lgbt/black pride are on the same level as swastikas and neo nazis
0,"without physically attacking each other"guns don't count! lol
0,i really want to believe so so badly that this is sarcasm.
0,another conservative scumbag.
0,fuck this opinion entirely
0,"oh you're getting kicked in the head? well it'd be mighty intolerable for you to get up and fight back now wouldn't it. so guess you can just lay there and keep getting kicked in the head until you die."people that think like this can fuck the hell off the planet. my grandmother was a literal nazi. she died a lonely bitter hateful woman that attempted to kill herself because she had to live with her son's jewish wife (yup i'm jewish by heritage too). i hope my grandmother is rotting in the hell that she rightfully deserves along with her brothers who were soldiers and any fucking piece of shit that allies with any of them and their actions. they are murderers and even casting an ounce of support their direction makes you equally guilty of every crime that they committed. hate speech and associating yourself with hate groups needs to be classified as incitement and bring penalties all the way up to jail time. and if your hateful words lead to the murder of someone you need to be the one serving equal time as an accomplice to that murder.
0,i would not want to live in that world. signed someone whose ancestors died in the holocaust
0,what if i wear a swastika with a giant red "banned" circle and slash through it a klansman with a giant red "banned" circle and slash through it and some graffiti from germany with a portrait of hitler blowing his brains out with a pistol and the caption "nazi follow your leader"?&#x200b;because i do.
0,his twitter feed is something else. yikes.
0,"real intolerance comes from the left because they discriminate against the intolerant".   fuck right off with that shit please and thank you. as a queer person i have **zero** tolerance for nazi scum who believe i don't have the right to exist. zero
0,>physically attacking each other not pictured: police pepper spraying and beating the other two at a counterprotest while allowing the nazi to freely march. but these enlightened centrists have a *huge* blindspot for police violence deeming it fully acceptable to maintain their precious marketplace. hell they don't often even think of it too closely *as* political violence they just call it a simple fact of life.
0,i want to live in a world where 2 foxes and a hen can have a drink together
0,beau of the fifth column expressed in the video that the "center" viewpoint to genocide or forcible removal of ethnicities or creeds is "no and we will resist you with violence if you attempt to do so." - further left may be "you are in my crosshairs just for saying it" but the center is to maintain homeostasis of innocent people through the application of violent resistance.
0,it's amazing the mental gymnastics people do. i think the vast majority of people realise co-existing and not being assholes to eachother is the right thing but instead of changing their ideology to match that they do the mental equivalent of a quad axel to frame their hate as acceptance
0,"i wish for a return to my blissful and innocent ignorance - a world where i walked as if through a fog never understanding what ideology is let alone politics and so had no idea that some people try very hard to doing very bad things to broad categories of people for no real good reason. i want this so bad that i refuse to examine any of these ideas and hold all ideologies as morally identical and equivalent because that makes perfect sense."
0,seems like the alt-reich wants to turn the low road into the high road. https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/578/682/575.jpg these people can die in a fire.
0,the equate gays and any other harmless group with nazis tactic is there so you associate both as extreme and offensive positions. its dangerous and should be called out every time. the person should be mocked and humiliated.
0,only one of these groups is a problem.
0,no offence but i'd rather shove a scolding hot cactus up my arse than coexist with people who hate me for being born
0,people don't understand that black power isn't black supremacy.
0,i wanna be friends with arsenic.
0,paradox of tolerance
0,lmao the whole point of nazis is to be intolerant to all non-aryans
0,aye.  i cannot engage in meaningful dialogue with someone who only has disingenous intent.
0,what are nazis famous for  again?
0,maybe he meant hindus or buddhists wearing the original swastika symbol?*eternal optimist*
0,won't someone think of the poor nazis?!
0,but black and gay people don't want nazis to exist double standard /s
0,i want to live in a world where people can't wear nazi symbolism without being attacked.
0,radical centrism
0,chad is one of them fine centrists.
0,who in fucking hell is chad felix greene anyway?
0,the point to the centrist is that they can live a peaceful trouble-free life as the nazis kill everyone else.
0,fighting for people's rights apparentely is the same as advocating for genocide.
0,read as "i want to be able to wear swastikas without getting punched".
0,pretty sure we fought a war because a bunch of people wearing swastikas got a bit too violent.
0,he writes for the federalist. nuff said.
0,so much for the tolerant left /s
0,if theres one thing the alt right is good at it's false flag operations.
0,what good will come from this bill?
0,as a person of color always great to see white allies resisting the racist system we all live under.
0,good for them. fuck that racist shit
0,on one hand racist statue. on the other hand statue celebrating women... (very rare for that time period)
0,hitler called it 'lgenpresse'. the phrase means lying press in german and was used to attack media outlets that were deemed to be unsupportive of the nazi party and its aims. unsupportive of trump
0,the sheer dictatorial language is fucking scary.
0,he's going full dictator.  awesome.
0,tweets at 3 in the morning
0,lol this reminds me of superman 2. kneel before zod!fuck trump the narcissist.
0,what is the orange of these statements?  zod was born in a very nice town on the planet vulcan.
0,lol up at 3am tweeting. he isn't right in the mind.
0,i don't remember nyt apologizing?
0,yep its definitely a circus the clown is in town.
0,what a cowardly asshole.
0,every time i see these fucks theyre about as far from the nazi ideal as you can get.
0,weren't nazis super into fitness? these potato motherfuckers would die before they ran a mile.
0,they are so inbred they are in a sandwich!
0,honest republicans.
0,so this is trump maga future.
0,i feel like this also belongs on cringe subreddit too
0,so the same country with ties to 15 terrorists involved with 9/11 the same country that murdered jamal khashoggi at one of its consulate is now spreading false or anti-mueller report information all the while the trump administration is giving the **'ok'** to sell saudi arabia nuclear power work & giving no reason why just like when trump backed out of the iran deal with zero reasons. i'm also going to go out on a limb and say putin and mb s bff's just like trump and putin or trump and mb s... what a shitshow. 
0,you gotta admit twitter's doing what they can.
0,ahhhhh. i see you misunderstood!! it only matters if the family is white /s
0,trump is a father of at least five children from three marriages that he ruined by fucking among others porn stars glamour models and future wives. in the case of wife three the last two both apply. they don't give a shit about "familiar values". it's in the same category as "economic anxiety".
0,that family is so white they make that picket fence look grey. 
0,ahhh life in a shitty cookie cutter suburb. with an unfulfilled stay at home wife who pops qualuudes while raising children who will one day have no issue watching the world burn for a few extra bucks. a world where the darkies knew their place and gays were only spoken about it hushed chastising tones. the good old days. all jokes aside shit like this is funny to me. you can have this provincial suburban life if you want it. i have friends who married right out of college had kids and now live a suburban life that wouldnt be different at all from the one pictured. absolutely no one stops you from doing this. which leads to the crux of the post imo. shit like this is parroted by people who cannot achieve the middle class life they wish and they blame minorities and liberals for that fact. or its people who *know* this type of life still exists but you would need to suffer gays on tv and a black neighbor while living it and thats unacceptable.
0,lets add worshipping a guy that has cheated in every one of his massages
0,god that looks boring as shit. *this* is the square-ass life they're fighting for?
0,the funniest part about this example of what they're "fighting for" is that literally no one is stopping them from buying an old 1950s house and having a couple kids. like go for it. i'm sure everyone on t\_d looks exactly like the dad in this picture right?
0,this looks like a propaganda poster from germany 1933
0,the dad is probably a wife batterer behind closed doors. the wife is probably doing the guy next door. the girl will grow up and be in an abusive relationship like mommy was and the son will batter his wife like daddy did. also... "fighting for"... lol. oh please! 
0,the deplorables dont care.  they hate immigrants more than looking out for their own best interests.
0,shame on blimpo with the megaphone for not continuously waving the flag. so disrespecful to our beautiful gorgeous flag it's the best flag the best. and i really would like see the entire poster in the middle.
0,i love it! we need more heroes like her.
0,thankfully bigots never have basic art or graphic design skills.
0,and here i thought they weren't cultured enough to know what a broadway play was! (or at least that they would think it was to gay to watch one. i mean... they play dressup and all!). i guess trumpsters still can surprise me! hopefully with enough culture they can change their ways. bless their hearts.
0,*sees an athlete kneel before a game*>just focus on the game and keep your politics out of it*sees a performer yank a flag away from an insufferable chud at a play*>what can men do against such reckless hate?
0,the u. s. and the u. k. are partners in their mutual diminishment. its no exaggeration to say that neither nations reputation will ever recover from the trump-brexit era.  their traditional allies will rightfully never trust them or the will of their citizens ever again. "it beggars belief that on the very same day donald trump is threatening to veto a united nations resolution against the use of rape as a weapon of war theresa may is pressing ahead with her plans to honour him with a state visit to the uk"
0,sadly this is a very popular opinion in britain the press constantly attacks markle for being mixed race. mind you royalty lovers of that ilk tend to be the most horrible xenophobic cretins this country offers.
0,his surname sounds polish. why are they so many polish neo-nazis? hitler wanted you guys **dead**.
0,the moderators removed my post asking if its been addressed and then proceeded to mute me from communicating with them. i've asked prior because they are unapologetically racist "in the name of humor" but when coupled with one of the host's nazi tattoo...if it quacks like a duck and walks like a duck
0,i'm not normally a fan of the death penalty but in the case of white supremacists...
0,awesome! i saw he was outed a little while ago glad he's been fired!
0,thats two-faced.
0,yeah only a rapist would worship a god that willed rape.
0,rapists are doing gods work. thats a new one*. *or not. theres probably a bunch of these guys who have said shit like that and it just didnt make it into the paper.
0,why aren't abortions then?
0,bu t immigrants ar e a bu nch of rapist
0,republican logic: its only the will of god is the rapist is a white christian.  if its a muslim mexican or black man then its not the will of god the rapist should be put to death and its something that embedded within that rapists culture/religion and thats why the us shouldnt let these people in
0,does that also apply to former congressmen in prison?  bend over and spread 'em okie douche nozzle.
0,obviously if it happens in someones life it may not be the best thing that ever happened you know but  so youre saying that god is not sovereign with every activity that happens in someones lifeif you say rape is not the best thing you are completely out of touch with reality. the lack of empathy from these types is outstanding.
0,when i first saw this headline i thought no way this is real my standards are low but thats just insane[well im disappointed with the results](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/oklahoma-representative-god/). tl;dr: snopes rated the headline mostly true
0,sounds like a confession to me.
0,all republicans are terrible.
0,the representative from gilead.
0,ive travelled all over america oklahoma was one of the most terrifying places i ever visited
0,the fact these types of guys get voted into office prove its not just them its the majority of republicans who are shit
0,"christian sharia law." well both him and the article's author seem to have a republican's view of islam.
0,does this mean miscarriages are god's abortions?
0,i thought his name was christian sharia for a whole five seconds
0,rape is illegal in shariah law...
0,i love the use of christian sharia law. they rail against muslims for wanted religious laws that supersede the constitution while simultaneously pushing for their own version. i hope this catches on.
0,can we arrest god now
0,so abortions are also gods will?
0,a two year-old screenshot.... there's so much fucked up stuff going on right \*now\* y'all.
0,i grew up in oklahoma. oklahoma is a good place to be from...far away from. i still pull for the sooners but that could be a sign of my own personal flaw(s).
0,the christian taliban strikes again.
0,when you take this in along with the fact that the same people endorsing rape also want to outlaw abortion and then you see the horrific connection between the two...
0,wait wait wait oklahoma is implementing sharia law?
0,so according to trumps logic mexico is sending citizens who act under the will of god to america? lol
0,then god is evil and must be opposed at all costs. also i noticed a lot of people in the comments are debating over whether his statement was misunderstood. really? when sexual abuse is brought up a lot of people suddenly become sceptics it seems. interesting.
0,fuck republicans.
0,i can't believe i share a planet with this scum.
0,i wonder if hed feel that way if he were ass-raped by a stronger man?
0,i wonder what his wife daughter(s) sister(s) or mother has to say about this. edit: its always men who push this horse shit.  we need to push very hard for stuff like texas house bill 4260. yes its insane. something needs to be done to shine the spotlight on this dog whistling. [texas house bill 4260](https://capitol.texas.gov/tlodocs/85r/billtext/html/hb04260i.htm) >sec. 173.009.  sonogram election. an attending physician must administer a **medically-unnecessary** digital rectal exam and magnetic resonance imagining of the rectum before administering an elective vasectomy or colonoscopy procedure or prescribing viagra. this digital rectal exam and rectal sonogram must take place during the initial health care consultation before an elective vasectomy is performed a prescription is given for viagra or a colonoscopy is performed.>sec. 173.010. fines related to masturbatory emissions. 	masturbatory emissions created in health or medical facilities will be stored for the purposes of conception for a current or future wife.>(a)  emissions outside of a woman's vagina or created outside of a health or medical facility will be charged a $100 civil penalty for each emission and will be considered an act against an unborn child and failing to preserve the sanctity of life.
0,sounds like something a rapist who hasn't been caught might say.
0,somehow i think he would change his mind if it happened to him.... maybe....
0,shockingly sad.
0,that looks a lot like brian regan and i was scared for a sec cause i love brian regan.
0,i'm betting he'll change his tune if anything bad happens to him though...
0,i'm sure hes garbage and everything but did he actually say that?  like "rape is just the will of god being enacted"  or did he say something like "everything is part of god's plan" and we are just assuming that that also de facto includes rape?
0,democrats have become republicans and republicans have become bat-shit crazy.  what does it mean when comedians are the social conscience of a society?  the ukraine just elected a comedian - and most of the people i know would vote for jon stewart in a heart beat.
0,i thought this was babylon bee for a second. was disappointed.
0,absolute scum of the earth. fuck religion and all of it's cancer
0,remember during the obama years how it seemed that a republican would say something terrible about rape every few months? when republicans retake the house in a post-trump red wave there will be gop politicians making holocaust denial comments every few months.
0,hearing these fucked up words inspired by their rage-filled lie-topia of an existence used to piss me off now i'm all for it and want them to become more unhinged so that even the still-complacent among us see this and are motivated to vote these sick fucks out. sadly for too many it has to get to a terrible place for them to jump into action to make it better.
0,so this story is 2 years old. is the guy still in office?
0,i'm conservative and this is terrible. there are plenty of old bucks left in the republican party that might say something like this but the clouds are moving and a younger group of more principled conservatives are coming up. they tend to be economically conservative and open to new ideas. it appears from where i stand that there is an emerging republican party that will one day respect lgbt persons as equals and can challenge political ideas on their merits rather than seeing liberals as other than themselves.
0,not banned yet i'll believe it when i see it wouldn't be surprised if steve huffman himself has intervened to stop the banning.
0,the republican party the party of terrorists.
0,do i want to know what a "hatefact" is?
0,the brazen hypocrisy makes me angry.
0,wtf is he even talking about? hes saying twitter is removing accounts that follow him or ???
0,white=militia. non-white=terrorist organization.
0,alt right white nationalist nazi: "no! she's a social justice warrior antifa trying to take away his (foams at the mouth) freeze peach!!!! 1!11!!!1!"
0,i was killing them for 6 momths! no 2 year! no 20 years!
0,what a giant piece of shit
0,the extremist right.....aka a violent trumplikan.
0,i often wonder how these conversations start
0,he's not even a veteran so add stolen valor to the list.
0,fucking dickhead. i fucking hate this mentality of "i am/was a soldier respect me!!!"some soldiers do disgusting terrible things while at war including raping women etc. (obviously i don't mean all are dickheads). if he even truly is a veteran. fuck this piece of slimey dog shit.
0,in nintendos defense if they left it in but blocked say nazi flags idiots would call them sjwtards and hypocritical despite the fact that thi wouldve been the first slightly political thing nintendo wouldve done that i can remember
0,of course he is. he is continually going after the most vulnerable members of society. he is going after those who he thinks don't have a voice.
0,he really is a cruel heartless son of a bitch.
0,he wont be happy until all trans people are dead. evil motherfucker.
0,the big problem with the ken burns series was the constant use of that lost causer shelby foote. i would recommend anyone watching that series on netflix to skip past him whenever he starts blabbing his pro-south nonsense.
0,whoops! that apostrophe is in the wrong place.
0,what a douche
0,what a douche
0,knocked him right on his head..
0,didn't it turn out that the reported student was a citizen and this boy had to go into 'hiding' because the school was receiving threats because of his bigoted actions?
0,oh my god how stupid could they be? they're literally standing there with merlons on either side of them and they can't see the difference between the great wall of china and trump's proposed border fence. because that's what it is a glorified fence. it's not something you can stand on and snipe enemy bandits from not that you should be doing that on the us border anyway. either that or they're trolling us but if they are then well done couple; you've only served to prove that you're not worth listening to.
0,they have the same mindset as people who lived thousands of years ago. regressive much? 
0,i am all for an open tolerant society where a wide range of ideas can be debated and form part of the national discourse on the political social and economic.   note: this does not extent to fascism as vanquished ideologies need to learn their fucking place.
0,yes. so get rid of actual nazis and klan members and get rid of antifa. theyre all fascist.
0,20 years...this fucker has lived 20 years since that happened... on the taxpayers funds... that is fucked up. we don't do the death penalty over here but this bastard deserved it and it should have happened a lot sooner.
0,this is one of the most despicable crimes ive ever known of.
0,fry the prick
0,i was 8 when this happened and lived in houston so seeing this was a very unpleasant blast from the past. it was all over down there every tv station and the newspaper talked about it for weeks. i'm really surprised he hadn't been executed yet. in fact i thought he already had been executed.
0,hmmm... and trump and mc connell aren't enablers... yeah ok...
0,is it just me or is the alt-right using the 'right to start a militia' as excuse to wave guns around wherever whenever and at whoever because things aren't going their way? kinda like when they try to use 'religious freedom' as an excuse to try and discriminate against who ever they want then throws a hissy fit and claim **they're** being discriminated against because it didn't work.
0,he looks fit and ready for war.
0,this is the kind of insanity that happens when you have an idiot in chief that rallies his troops with propaganda and hate.
0,oh so that's why the government got off their asses.
0,he's not a militia leader he's a leader or a terrorist organization. militia implies legitimacy and perhaps even constitutional legality.
0,theyre delusional.
0,probably because we dont drink the kool-aid
0,because they lead miserable lives and like to blame others for their own problems in life.
0,theyre inherently angry.
0,they were under the impression that there would be participation trophies
0,carrying around all that hate takes a lot out of them.
0,i talk to people who think i'm paranoid because they've already erected camps. i feel like there are not many more steps between what's now and creating any sort of cover up until it's not necessary to cover up.  people think i'm paranoid. i haven't read this article and just skimmed through it but it claims that the bjs (bureau of justice statics) claims more than 200000 prisoners are the victims of sexual assault:  [https://www.themarshallproject.org/2018/07/25/prison-rape-allegations-are-on-the-rise](https://www.themarshallproject.org/2018/07/25/prison-rape-allegations-are-on-the-rise)those are grown men and in prison predominately but to think of how many of these things happen because of guards to think that there are children involved to think that although there is a very low percentage of these migrants that may be people who would sexually abuse someone but that they likely are not being sent through the proper channels and so any victims would likely go unheard is pretty ghastly.  there are a lot of chances for shitty things to happen to people who may not speak english or be old enough to represent themselves in any meaningful way.
0,what a despicable piece of shit...
0,i hate this racist prick. he creeps me out more than trump does.
0,can they do t_d next?
0,good can they go after all the other bigoted subs now? how has t_d managed to escape this?
0,running the country like he ran his failed businesses.
0,i love legaleagle
0,there's no cross that could hold trump cause he's too damn fat.
0,or he could go to the phillipines where they do that every good friday. it's not quite the real position used by the romans but they go the whole hog even with nails through their palms.
0,they are really not "conservatives" they are just low life bigots.
0,imprison him and throw away the fucking key
0,they really are the biggest group of snowflakes ive come across.
0,dude are you taking mk lore seriously? we dont do that here.
0,it must be quite the burden to be that stupid..
0,thinking that white straight christian males are being oppressed requires not only a mind so stupid it is impossible to fathom it requires outright lies on top of it. i don't know the provenance of the original meme but it smells of borscht to me.
0,right wingers: corporations should be deregulated except when i want them to promote my religion which is also the largest in the world.
0,i love the (best) part. im pretty dumb my fans are pretty dumb i better spell out that low jobless claims is a good thing.
0,obama was far from perfect but he is still a thousand times better a person than the orange nightmare.
0,one of these sounds presidential the other sounds like your uncle's facebook post.
0,to be fair trump did tweet about sri lanka... he said there were 138 million that died...
0,probably just learned that lower unemployment rate is better so had to show off this newly found knowledge in a tweet.
0,it just speaks to the basic way their brains work.  they are polar opposites. with all the things going on today easter holiday bombings in sri lanka and all the regular worrys trumps only thought is to brag about money. obama (being a decent human being) has concerns and hope for everybody. edit:  obama wasn't perfect but holy fuck the country was better off...
0,trump translation: everything is about me obama translation:  lets think about others. i sincerely wonder trump and many of his followers understand the concepts of compassion and empathy.  its a given that many of them dont know what the words mean but do they experience compassion and empathy?
0,i feel like twitter needs mood avatars.  the text is a little off next to a beaming barack.  much like donald's pic needs to be him making the face he made when he disgustingly made fun of disabled people.
0,i agree with the sentiment but he did tweet about sri lanka too today.
0,well said obama. and fuck donald dump.
0,trump tweets the same way i try and reach the minimum word limit for a short answer on a test i didn't study for
0,psychological projection. blaming the people who are trying to stop something for causing that exact thing is fucked up.
0,tbf clowns are a fitting image for them.
0,what a clever idea; trying to spread their bullshit into every form possible so that "sjws" try and get random shit banned. they're like a disease.
0,i can't take anyone claiming to be a "hate group watchdog" 100% seriously unless they quit dilly-dallying and just fucking list the rape-endorsing concentration camp building gop in its entirety. if you're a registered republican you belong to a hate group.
0,referencing the splc discredits the statement. they are a joke of an organization.
0,they know theyre guilty.
0,trump lovers. go suck on daddys dick
0,lol theyve created a thread saying it was all due to lazy modding and tongue in cheek.  i dont believe they will change at all feel that people they have persecuted such as the transgender community deserve a lot better than this. its ok to get away with being a hate sub boys and girls simply create a thread admitting to lazy modding recruit new mods and all will be forgiven :/ https://www.reddit.com/r/cringe anarchy/comments/bg9uur/an_open_letter_to_the_admins_our_plan_of_action/this site has become a joke.
0,i know people with both. they double hate black people.
0,we need to take down these flags just like we take down the confederate flag. hate cannot be allowed to thrive.
0,i live in the south. i always ask those folks who defend confederate memorials and statues how they feel about former soviet block countries removing statues of lenin and stalin. needless to say they find themselves dumbfounded.
0,wait what? i legitimately thought that was a flag for modern dems.
0,isn't that sargon of akkad or some altright you tuber? this statement is so disgusting.
0,the age of consent is arbitrary and oppressive it can be a coming of age relationship! (that's a milo yayapoulos quote)
0,isn't this that sargon fuckwit? he's like some you tube alt rigjt loser. he's a ukip candidate now?
0,religion comes from the right. science comes from the left. :p
0,dont forget i wont even rape you that caused three fellow ukip politicians to switch parties.
0,some kids think that they have 'figured out the world' by twelve years of age. he is one of them
0,ewww. that's fucking gross.
0,oh yeah carl! sargon of akkad admitted pedophile.
0,"no. no puppet. you're the puppet."lol.
0,eggs a nazi!
0,nazi lives dont matter.
0,hes an imbecile and an embarrassment
0,every now and again a fox employee has flashes of their long forgotten humanity. it is in these flashes this happens.
0,imo the last line should be something racist like "wtf no that's for brown people"
0,im an idiot and im lost someone spell it out for me
0,oh good heavens that you didn't loose it on the way to the mailbox.
0,i would have definitely just ripped that up and flushed it down the toilet.
0,bold and brash? more like belongs in the trash
0,i love my grandma but i'd refuse to mail that on principle. i'd mail anything else for her but i'd refuse to be party to that. she can get someone else to do it.
0,ha. donate? seriously? the right told me they hate giving people hand outs. oh wait they only hate it if it helps someone in need not if it helps rich con artists that don't need the money that's okay.
0,"im not owned your owned!"
0,*i dont get triggered. when im* prompted *to throw a tantrum over something that doesnt affect me personally (or that i wont* admit *to affecting me personally anyway) my screeching outrage and tears are of the manliest sort!!1!*indignant breauxflake
0,"i'm not a crybaby liberal snowflake."no no. you're just a far right bigoted nazi free speech warrior snowflake is all.
0,considering where the word trigger comes from (ptsd victims) it really fucks me off when they use it as a sign of weakness. i bet these guys wouldn't last five seconds in an actual war or similar trauma. disgusting.
0,which is funny because we all know the first _closeted_ gay candidate was if nobody earlier abraham lincoln.
0,"clerical fascism" is that for priests or secretaries?
0,stop trying to fool people into thinking that your shitty ideologies are not as shitty as they are. it's like patriots and nativists - kind of sound similar - way way way different. look up the definitions! they're just liars.
0,"nazism and fascism are two different things."  what?! how incredibly fucking backward can one person be?
0,guy is a brave and good person. nazi filth deserve anything that comes their way. this guy deserves a medal.
0,when i went to bed last night i wasn't aware of the scope of the attacks. 138 million is an impressive kill total. /s what a putz.
0,every time he speaks his sentences sound like someone sloppily translated a non-english language to english in google translator.
0,is this real? it's not on his twitter  anymore
0,he is lying again.  he wants his "street soldiers" to believe it. i'm sure it'll be repeated for fucking decades. along with the muslim fear they can generate.   how long till he connects ilhan omar to it?edit: spelling
0,what about the churches here in the u. s. that have been bombed and shot up by his loyal followers??
0,as a kid i listened to doctor dementos radio show. now i read donnie dementias tweets.
0,i must sound good so in the future they can say "i helped". yeah i have a feeling you could care less about helping oh orange one.&#x200b;can't help your own territories after a hurricane what are the odds that aid will end up here if at all?
0,oh those poor hotels! those sweet hotels! very profitable properties very classy now they have real problems because of the terrorists.
0,there aren't 138 million people in sri lanka you fool!
0,i love how they try to paint islam as a political ideology instead of a religion when the gop is the party of people who want christian religious law.
0,meanwhile the tamil tigers are the only ones i have seen in the news
0,waiting for the "christians" who cry "false flag" about every other attack to start up...... any minute now...... still waiting...
0,do these people ever actually watch the news?
0,and...nothing has happened. turns out that being a racist truly doesn't grant you any precognition. in fact i'd say their predictions for the future are the opposite of what is actually happening. islam is the fastest growing religion and muslims operate thousands of organizations for non violence peace relief aid and many others. we're thriving. no true muslim ever commits violence against another human being. " whoever kills an innocent person it is as though he has killed all mankind and whoever saves a life it is as though he had saved all mankind." actual quote from the quran. if you want to throw stones in your glass house let me also point out that muslims never engaged in mass colonialism slavery crusades genocide and imperialism like the west did leading to the deaths of billions. yet the west claims they are the moral authority? terrorism is not islam there is nothing further from islam.  no terrorist has ever been a muslim because no true muslim would commit such awful acts. your muslim ban only hurts innocent families. migration is a human right trump is stands against human rights.
0,>deplorable lives matter i bloody hate how they have adopted deplorable as a term of endearment. its so cringeworthy.
0,this guys such a winner... hell he may not even know what deplorable means? i'm thinking he's not the sharpest tool in the tool box.
0,it's great that the leader of this cult was arrested but all of these militia members should be arrested!
0,what's horrible is that little kids are watching his show and being indoctrinated.
0,another foreigner polluting american society with its un-american extremist filth. you tube needs to cut that little swede pissants hate speech from its platform.
0,this was a really well put-together and informative video. i think the vast majority of these alt-right white nationalists are just lost boys and girls who found something to grip on to and make themselves feel special where without it they would just be in a self-hating depressive state. the monologue given by the lad near the end who describes how he got sucked into it is such an eye-opener into how some of these people ended up this way. he was told his problems could be attributed to immigrants or lack of societal values or whatever rather than himself so he plunged down that rabbit hole as he put it as such. of course some of them are probably legitimate psychopaths who get hard at the thought of jack-booted oppression and power tripping but i think they are the minority. problem is if you go too far down the rabbit hole and it takes root as your identity trying to claw someone back out of that would be nearly impossible. their whole sense of self worth and purpose is built around the ideology like a cult.
0,apparently these russians dont care if their info comes from college dropouts who dont have a degree in journalism the same as the trump klan doesnt seem to care here in america.
0,they're just trying to get they're money's worth. they've invested so much.
0,well now i'm imagining isis comprised soley of elderly women in bifocals trying to load machine guns. i think that this is perhaps the way the republicans are going to thin out the social security recipients.
0,and nothing of value was lost.
0,i'm so shocked that he wasn't a nice person in any aspect of his life... *shaking my head*
0,i'm sure americans will be weeping at that loss. /s
0,its a good thing no people were harmed in this article.
0,why roosh? because he was a hack who profited off of insecure man-babies who realized he didn't have anything useful to say once they finished cleaning their rooms.
0,because he never had anything of value to offer and his success was due to him being propped up by the right wing nazi media?
0,this guy needs to be locked up. he is the white bin laden.
0,this is the republican party.
0,my surprise level with these things remains constant. by constant i mean not changing. as in has always been 0 every single time.
0,considering white america makes up like 60% of the population i'd say it's worryingly larger than a 1/3.
0,it makes sense if you have dementia. believe me. bigly.
0,that's just the number who died when the whites colonized it. easy mistake.
0,nothing will happen but i reported them to the irs. want to peddle christian sharia pay the tax man.
0,if churches give out voting guides they should have to pay taxes
0,fucking political extremists posing as churches should be fucking taxed into the fucking ground.
0,i honestly thought that was a shaming/callout at first then i reread it and realized they were _proud_ of it
0,this is an admission that this church needs to lose its tax exempt status.
0,and here i was thinking "freedom" included a distinct separation of church and state.
0,no one can deny this...
0,haha wait  you guys don't remember that part in the bible where jesus meets a leper and he just pulls his nose off?
0,trump is losing the plot and becoming disabled himself so i guess hes sowed his own seeds so to speak.
0,at least religious hypocrisy is now laid bare for all to see.
0,thanks for blurring his horrid face. the sight and sound of him make me physically sick for all he represents. there's a good book called one nation under god.. how corporate america invented christian america which details how this campaign to invent right wing jesus started in the 50s and explains how they corrupted his teachings to excuse their immoral exploitation. they have confused the pious into supporting their oppression the fucking charlatans.
0,this was the exact moment that i knew he would never become president of the united states. blatant immaturity coupled with the cruelty of a schoolyard bully. yeah good thing i don't place bets on election outcomes. just wild. edit: a word
0,lets be real conservative christians were never with jesus in the first place.
0,i've asked christians about this and they told me it's "fake news". i then responded "it's well-documented because it was record live".  they still say it's fake news.
0,conservatives are domestic terrorists. pretty sure jesus isn't into terrorism.
0,the so called god sure doesn't believe in humans that's a given.
0,this is pure uncanny valley.
0,getting him in your suggestions would probably make you reevaluate everything about you.
0,now if we could just ban him from life.
0,dang imagine getting matched up with this scumbag
0,some people may be wondering why i'm targeting joe rogan someone that claims to not be alt-right and holds some liberal views. well the reason why is because he platforms a lot of alt-right characters along with progressives which makes his alt-right guests seem more acceptable in the eyes of a moderate. the intention he has for hosting them is irrelevant because [his role as a useful idiot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcla kb5luyy) does the job in radicalizing people. if we want to get serious about stopping alt-right radicalization we need to target its source. as faraday speaks [brilliantly claims in this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sf la64_z lr u) people don't come up to you in nazi uniform and tell you to join the alt-right they slowly bring you to accept their beliefs by normalizing them and then tying them to beliefs you already hold. edit: to expand on my point in how moderates get radicalized check out christian picciolini a former skinhead that now fights against hatred.
0,its refreshing to see others point out that joe rogan is a useless addition to entertainment. ive been saying it for awhile and enjoying the downvote reddit mob reaction.
0,he used to be semi-entertaining before he came out as a reich wing christofascist asshole
0,marshall looks like such a cute pup. shame he cant understand that his owner is complicit in the far right radicalisation of a generation.
0,im brand new to this sub but ive been saying this on other platforms for awhile. i was never a big jre person but id check in once in a while depending on the guest. he gives a platform for way too shady people and hes not informed enough to conduct a proper interview and ask relevant questions. i dont know what his actual political beliefs are but i do know he panders to his audience which is undoubtedly made up of a lot of maga people. frankly i think its irresponsible for someone with such a big platform to be so misinformed (or not informed at all) on a variety of issues.
0,why do white people want to kill transgenders? like seriously? what the fuck have they done that warrants death? they just want to be treated equally.
0,wanna take a guess as to what will happen to him?(hint: the answer is nothing and also probably other right-wing cretins jumping to his aid calling him a great guy etc)it *should* be legal to hang people like him as traiors.
0,but but but th e v io le nt le ft!!! 1!11!!!1
0,his people = white people
0,these people are evil.
0,that literally made me ill.
0,how anyone could possibly continue to "bothsides" the political situation in this country is beyond me.
0,that man has serious mental issues imo.
0,never even heard of this person. does he work for breitbart?
0,the christian taliban is probably the biggest threat to our country today. when reagan was elected in 1980 the moral majority started making inroads into politics. today these fundamentalist christians are on their way to turning this country into a theocracy. for anyone who values free-thinking and believes like the constitution says that this country should not establish any official religion this group and their influence should be very worrisome.
0,the dear thing is really bothering me even though i know that there are bigger issues here.
0,this has been tried before with the pride flag but this strategy of symbol appropriation that fascists and their kin like to use only works when the symbol they chose lacks an established political narrative. the okay hand and pepe both were generic enough but widespread enough that they could successfully force a narrative with those symbols. most people don't see the gay pride flag and associate it primarily with diversity between races but with gay pride.
0,ive seen some of these before back when australia had the gay marriage vote... so not only are these lame propaganda theyre also really old and stale
0,is is incredible how corrupt border patrol is.
0,used to be the crazies would claim to talk to god.  now its trump.
0,i want to say it's not likely but it's also plausible.
0,i can't wait for trump to knight him. /s
0,i wonder how many of the local police that assisted the fbi with the arrest are actually members of the united constitutional douchebags or whatever the militias name is?
0,truly saddened to share even a third of a name with this deeply racist pawn star understudy
0,we get it guys. you didn't have parents who cared a lot for you. they didn't give you enough hugs. they didn't tell you you're special. so you found a "community" you could be part of. to feel good and special. to feel part of something you feel like you've got something to live for something to get up every morning for. you still crave that attention mommy and daddy didn't give you. it makes you happy that you go outside dressed like a muppet and have people stare at you. you can now go to sleep happily tonight still with butterflies in your belly because people gave you attention. well done.
0,i'm not saying that *all* conservatives are nazis but it sure seems like all nazis in america vote republican and go to trump rallies.
0,aaaaaand same as the last public nazi pic the dude has a phone in his shirt pocket
0,have alt-righters been saying ww2 vets are white nationalists?
0,let's be honest... not a single historian is a nationalist because they know better.
0,but the us army was segregated...
0,the fbi arrested them
0,tbh it's the daily heil what can we expect.  some of the most toxic comments sections you'll ever see.  it attracts the lowest of the low.  paul dacre and murdoch were systematic in making dm readers vote against their best interests over brexit pushing the blame for the economic crash onto minorities and the unemployed. it's the fox news of the uk it's not even a newspaper it's a satire of itself and let's never forget that it supported hitler during the war.
0,brilliant. awareness of the altright is a good thing.
0,good!  there's likely to be a bunch more that have infiltrated various police forces nationwide and they need to be found and removed!  otherwise they'll continue to follow their racist/sexist views and use their positions as police officers to harm minorities in the future.
0,when alleged means proved its a dangerous time to live.
0,wooooow and that is what 24/7 fox news aon and talk radio does to you kids.
0,i love your delivery.  you keep a cool head let him talk and present follow up questions very respectfully.
0,"no he's fucked cause you hurt his feelings so now he has to cry on twitter everyday and go golfing instead of being president" - every trump supporter right now.
0,such a disgrace.  i don't even tell my grandchildren there is a president.  i'll wait until this buffoon and his bigoted followers are are in the rear view mirror.
0,okay. i hate the guy. disgusted by him wish they had something to impeach him with but can we quit the the "gotcha" journalism bullshit? there is so much more to focus on in the report that is damning than the one quote taken out of context. he said hes fucked because he was told if he got one of these special councils itd ruin his presidency. it pisses me off that there are 400 pages of content and everyone is focused on these two stupid words because they attract more attention than the other 400+ pages. this is all ive seen from the left since the report was released and everyone on the right is just laughing at this poor attempt at pinning trump.
0,even he underestimated how extremely devoted to him the suicide cult was
0,beg to differ: i've said it before with regards to meeting deadlines and i'm totally innocent in the eyes of the law. i've also known people to say those words upon receiving an undeserved traffic ticket. however in the context of this investigation and what led him to utter those words yeah i'd say he's guilty as hell.
0,lots of innocent people say that...    im not defending chief cheetoo mussolini by any means but..    just off the top of my head i bet a bunch of innocent people in the twin towers on 9/11 or on the titanic that fateful april nite uttered these very words...      hell i dropped a case of beer at work last week and said im fucked..  lets all just hope he is actually fucked because that would be amazing..    somehow i see him sleezing his way out of this in some slimeball method and then he will blame the dems and his base of moron unclefuckers will cheer for joy...
0,meanwhile his fucking game of thrones meme sits firmly at over 350000 likes on twitter and regardless of how much of this feedback is artificial one thing that can't be denied is that his supporters haven't budged even an inch.
0,another future right wing terrorist.
0,maga bomber 2.0 incoming!!
0,obviously a true christian
0,well that's fucking terrifying. any bets on how long before these groups start popping up anywhere people of color live (esp. hispanic neighborhoods) doing the same shit at gun point.
0,fat gun-nut on disability who only speaks one language "they're taking our jobs!"
0,i wonder how they would feel with armed liberals showing up at the south border?
0,hopefully this will start waking up the decent americans.  we have a big problem in this country and it's blatant bigotry racism and jingoism.  we need to put them back in the bag they fell out of. if we allow this to progress and do nothing we are cowards who deserve to be recorded in history along with the german populace who hid their eyes.
0,piece of shit vigilante border patrol cosplaying ass clowns. who the fuck says "i think i'll get my gun and go intimidate the people who walked a thousand miles with their kids to escape violence and poverty" and thinks this is a good idea?
0,watch the video about fox news talking shit on obama when he was president. its so fucking funny how trump is doing worse about all the shit they talked shit about obama
0,yeah they've got this mentality of "he's a bastard but he's *our* bastard".
0,hey look it's that twat that unprofessionally lost his shit and started screaming at a hearing because he 100% believed his boy kavanaugh didn't do nuffin'. quality moral integrity.
0,there is a fucking major difference between lying about a blowjob and getting russia to interfere in an election and then lying about it.
0,i liked the evil jujitsu lindsey did where he went from fierce trump critic to trump sycophant. the dude just creates the pretense that he has any values or respect for democracy.
0,lindsey carrying on the family con biz of shysterhood lol
0,fuck this closeted psychopath.
0,totally willing to impeach a guy who was not in his party for less.  but now the guy who is a literall criminal who is doing far worse offenses than the ones in this video?*cricket noises*you see it was never about the reasons he cites.  those are lies.  it was about being partisan grabbing at power and turning the voters to your side through any means necessary.we knew they were lying at the time it just took 20+ years for the proof to surface.
0,what absolutely amazes me is that these people know that they did this and have it on record yet they still don't care because their base won't.
0,one of these days the video of him fucking a dead child will surface and it will all make sense...
0,lindsey grahams spine is a worm.
0,you know i was going to say when will the republican party and voters care about democracy but i realized they dont. this would only upset them if it was president obama or hillary clinton. hell any democrat. just like the law and order christian way less government fiscal responsibilities is bull. the republican party doesnt mind treason if it helps the 1% and the republican voters dont care if they feel caucasians keep power . its sad. they literally and happily drank the cool aid.  and they will only get worst. if we think they will see this report and say shit this is wrong. we are living in a fantasy land. i believe they would giveaway all of democracy and what the constitution stands for.
0,lindsay graham is a compromised russian plant. got his computer hacked and suddenly he becomes all buddy-buddy with the trump crew.
0,vote every one of these hypocrites out.
0,unfortunately you cant change stupid
0,as terrible as they come
0,hes been compromised. somehow.
0,all these old bastards need to go
0,piece of shit could barely keep a straight face while spewing this bullshit. reminds me of when sessions was under oath and testifying and he could barely contain his smug fucking smile while brazenly lying through his hillbilly teeth.
0,what in the twilight zone? why is the militia not being arrested themselves?
0,arrest them all.
0,so arrest the militia. duh.
0,gross and it's not like the ira targeted her it was blind firing at cops she just happened to be there.  why do they like julian assange all the sudden?
0,shit that guy should be arrested
0,well if you've ever actually tried to have an adult-level conversation with a trump supporter then you know that talking with a dead pig's brain would have considerable appeal in comparison.
0,i don't know about any scientific studies (because who would honestly want to study these freaks?) but it's probably because the far right are actual fantasists who are so miserable in their real life situations that video games and anime let's them escape their misery and self-hatred for a while. it's sad really.
0,there's a confounder you're ignoring which is that you're only looking at the section of alt-righters and incels who are heavy internet users. heavy internet users are more likely to be anime fans or gamers than non-heavy-internet-users regardless of their politics.
0,i know countless lefties who love video games and anime (myself included though i used to be pretty conservative)! they're two huge mediums of entertainment. i don't think it's a left/right thing. just that conservatives are more aggressive in colonizing spaces that the fans meet. i won't deny that many video games and anime is problematic. take warhammer! the lore is pretty fascist but a group of lefty fans have created a space to criticize it and geek out over it at r/sigmarxism.
0,"look i just love debates and moderate politics. now find me the nearest anxious teen to yell at in front of a crowd"
0,i haven't watched southpark since highschool...has it really become pro-trump?...or is it r/enlightenedcentrism
0,oh boy. 8 comments and my post and already half of them are deleted. must have really rattled the nazi hornet nest.
0,benny boy and jordyyes rogan and pewd:s are enablers southpark's just not though is it? it's enlightened centrism or it makes fun of centrism or is libertarian or is a show created by multiple people with different views i'm not sure. and elons just an egotistical libertarian who was born into a rich south african emerald mine owner's home  (read into that what you will cough cough aparteid much cough cough)
0,"the liberal but conveniently promote far-right politics and politicians starter pack.
0,ben never claimed to neutral he self identifies as right-wing.  and haven't seen anything political from elon other then that one tweet that got taken out of context.
0,this is a perfect explanation. despite me living in california this describes a lot of ignorant white boys i knew.
0,covert nazis in these comments are defending pewdiepie elon musk and south park. let me explain something to you:&#x200b;south park despite mocking both left and right equally is a show that's comedy mainly revolves around making fun of people who want change. whether it be democrats or nazis making these changes. however because the left by its very nature is progressive and pro-change and the right by its very nature is anti-change the show by default is alt-right regardless of how neutral it claims to be. &#x200b;pewdiepie says the n word keeps making nazi jokes calling "death to all jews" multiple times made multiple racist diss tracks towards indian people is cited by mass-shooters as their role model and is just a manchild who in general makes all of his jokes around offensive or controversial topics which is just not okay to poke fun at.&#x200b;elon musk might be singlehandedly funding electric cars 3d road networks private space programs and online banking...which don't get me wrong is all great but with great power comes great responsibility. the context of what he does physicall for the world doesn't matter when he uses his fame to verbally promote alt-right ideologies to the masses. calling a diver a pedophile on twitter being friends with pewdiepie and joe rogan (two other alt-right figures) treating his employees poorly promoting capitalism and private industry smoking weed on live tv despite knowing he has an audience of impressionable kids who might become drug addicts because of him and funding both right and left parties rather than just the left so he can bribe both to benefit his own pockets is all traits of an evil dude. he uses philanthropy to mask his true psychopathic nature as a nazi.
0,the only good nazi is a dead nazi. yep that's right. i said it. come after me far right free speech warriors. haha. give me your best shot at protecting nazis.
0,thinking of them living in the northeast anywhere makes me want to puke.
0,you put down the camera and went out to punch them both immediately after right?
0,this will surely fix all that economic anxiety and lack of jobs.
0,why do people keep saying these people saved trump? in order to get charged for obstruction of justice you dont have to be successful at obstructing justice. if you instructed or did anything  to obstruct justice and they didnt obey you you are still culpable. if you instruct someone to kill your wife and he doesnt you can still get charged for that. mueller should have charged trump for this and let the courts decide if he can get indicted or not
0,why the fuck should that matter? if i'm to fucking stupid to know i'm breaking the law i'm going to get locked up anyway.
0,i am too stupid to know the speed limit was 55mph and drove 80mph when the cop pulled me over.  can i use that defense?
0,hes donalds son. of course he was too stupid lol
0,im too stupid to know that youre supposed to pay for the stuff in stores before you leave with it. so i guess i get free stuff now?
0,since when is ignorance of the law a valid defense?
0,i didn't know marijuana was illegal and i'm too stupid to find out if it is or not.  so i'm cool right?
0,that's not a defense.
0,hes 41 not 14. this isnt a child helping his pop out while he runs the country. this is an epic douche bag whose gone to expensive schools with no school loans no debt no struggle no hurdles or trials. hes never gone hungry and hes never been wronged. hes been given everything in this world save his fathers love. fuck him he betrayed the country and one doesnt have to be a legal scholar or a slow first grader to know what he was doing was wrong. every single fucker in prison in this country right at this momentall 2.3 million of themdeserve more benefit of the doubt than daddys herpes sore
0,we literally have people in death row and have killed people who were mentally handicapped and with the mentality of a toddler.. i think this week we literally killed a mentally handicapped person and the judge refused to put a stay on his execution.. so if we can kill humans with the mentality of a toddler we should be able to put this motherfucker in jail. im sorry but im starting to think that this saint we call mueller is nothing more than a republican stooge covering up for trump. at what point is mueller going to say or do something about this traitor in the white house and his treasonous family.
0,these attacks are fueled by racism. racism and prejudice and nothing else. i disagree with her greatly on her political stances but i don't want to kill her. these are the same people who called obama a "monkey" and will act shocked if you call them racist. i leveled legitimate criticism against obama as my reason for disliking him and not one person accused me of being racist. it's the same situation with ilhan i never attack her race or religion so i'm never called a bigot.  this is beyond the stage where people are desperate to convince others they aren't racist now. at this point people are up front with it and this leads to them being up front and proud of not only their racism against her but their main reasoning for wanting to kill her. they don't want to kill her because they think she's a "socialist" or because they just don't like democrats they want to kill her because she's black.
0,carrie fischer has a perfect quote for this"he's a gay republican on cocaine. why? well have you ever met a gay republican who wasn't on cocaine?"
0,but it's cool folks. this woman calls herself a "christian."
0,may got rid of 20000 policei aint gonna lie they had me in the first half.
0,yeah well conservatives aren't exactly the type to "think". oops.. i better watch out..may get my account banned again for saying shit that was *much less violent than those fucking assholes say on a daily*.fuck reddit admins...corrupt fuckers. and fuck (con) servatives too.
0,excuse me the reason why the nhs is failing is because its being deliberately sabotaged by the tories
0,i live in scotland. can tell you nhs is not like "third world" lol. it has it's faults but the nhs is amazing. my mum is on a cocktail of medication. we're grateful scotland has free medication for all. if we lived in amreica she could never afford it. i don't care how "bad" people try to make the nhs look. i'd still rather live in a country where i can walk into the hospital and be treated free of charge than live in america and be told to fuck off and die because i'm not rich. tories in the uk starve the nhs of funds on purpose because they want it to perform badly so that they can privatise it all. tories go on about there not being any money to fund the nhs but somehow there's always money for wars or to store trident or to give themselves pay rises or to pay for buckingham palace to be refurbished...
0,not to mention that they're having problems because the right wing dicks sabotaged the british healthcare system.
0,anglo male trump cultists with gun fetishes.
0,florida man strikes again
0,his beloved president is making deals with the country that bred the 9/11 killers.
0,i liked the original. it really said something about trumps thinking (lol). how he perceives working for the american people as just a game to be won or cheated if need be.
0,time to ban conservative christians from every business then.
0,i hate this nonsense. people cant help being gay and shouldnt be judged for it.
0,just to clarify he also said earlier in the thread that he supports people being able to deny blacks service too if they want to.... solid ideology
0,if he wants to ban a demographic from his house thats his right sure... its an archaic way to live but whatever. businesses however are another story. we live in the 21st century its time to act like it.
0,we exercised pest control against that u/bannanaflame cockroach who posted that banning the edgy little fellow from here over a year ago. but hes still flinging his own feces around:> jews did 9/11. bush & co helped so they could destroy evidence in the pentagon and install the domestic spying programs they had been working on since before bush killed jfk.>trump knows this and wants to bring them to justice. trump doesnt know what country his dad was born in and he he thinks genesis is an orange story.  donnie dementia doesnt know how to spell the word justice. 
0,i love how these people think that those smart-ass questions and statements are somehow new and never addressed. they've been smashed to pieces decades ago. the problem with the 'just asking questions' crowd is that they are like a bunch of kids who ask for a cookie but whenever the word 'no' is said their only response is to ask it a few dozen more times until the cookie is given just to shut them up.&#x200b;part of being a grown up is knowing when to take away children's toys and privileges when they don't play by the rules.
0,one officer was bold enough to have white supremacist tattoos on his neck while other recruited for his hate group on college campuses. imagine how many hateful seeds they helped plant before being outed.
0,great...now we're importing assholes.  i thought we got lucky when sean spicer left...
0,its even worse because **west virginia was specifically formed during the civil war because its residents were pro-union and opposed to virginias secession**.
0,not organized enough for conspiracy. but greed and stupidity they have that in spades
0,good. im glad theyre getting banned from places.
0,now why would he say this if he was innocent?
0,[trump tweeted this last month](https://mobile.twitter.com/real donald trump/status/1109918388133023744)>no collusion no obstruction complete and total exoneration. keep america great!**today:**>page 2 volume ii:"if we had confidence after a thorough investigation of the facts that the president clearly did not commit obstruction of justice we would state so. based on the facts and the applicable legal standards however we are unable to reach that judgment. the evidence we obtained about the president's actions and intent presents difficult issues that prevent us from conclusively determining that no criminal conduct occurred. accordingly while this report does not conclude that the president committed a crime it also does not exonerate him"so either the potus doesnt understand the definition of the word exonerate or hes just full of shit.
0,from the moment you became president you were fucked more fucked then anyone in the entire history of the world. and that includes abraham lincoln james garfield william mc kinley and john fucking kennedy. in fact if archangel michael himself had landed down from dallas that fateful day and given jfk a choice between two fates  his or yours  he would have kept on smiling and waving until oswalds bullet ended all that. if crassus - a man whose naked greed ended up him being killed by a face full of molten gold had to make that choice he would ask for seconds in case the first wasnt enough. ala ad-din muhammad a now obscure ruler of persia who made the fateful mistake of insulting another then obscure ruler to him genghis khan ended up having  such a fuckstorm of pure death unleashed on his country that iran took until 1920 to recover in population. he too would choose to insult the khan and probably send a few rude drawings of himself and genghiss mother to make sure he didnt have to sit in your hot seat because its about to left the sun in shadow.
0,where to begin? its like stepping into the library of alexandria. except it never burned down. and they kept updating it to this day. and every book was filled with childish insults depraved perving idiotic nonsensical statements senile ravings stupid faces and debasement of the united states of america in a way that has not and will not ever be repeated. for no other idiotic moron inbred lunatic in history had cameras recorders phones aides aiming for lucrative book deals and fucking chinese goddamn spy satellites following his every move 24/7. and that is just the last few years  which have felt like a century. you were a known bag of the runniest dogshit way way before that. like boy my puppy once ate three donuts and a bag of gummi bears when she learned to open doors. you leave her in shame.
0,where the fuck will i begin donald? is it the time you speculated about your infant daughters hot tits? is it the time you were told not to look at an eclipse and you did? is it the time you told your personal doctor to lie about your weight in a physical? is it the time you started your presidency by exaggerating your audience size? is it the time you hit on an irish reporter in the oval office while the cameras were running? the other time you told another doctor to lie about your weight in a physical? is it the fifteen times angela merkel had to explain how trade in the eu works? 
0,is it the time you had a fight with a gold star family? the time you pretended to be working by shifting papers randomly so you wouldnt have to talk to the reporter? the time you said youre the puppert youre the puppet youre the puppet on live tv? is it the time you told a seven year old he was too old to believe in santa around christmas? is it the time you cheated on your wife who has given birth to your son whom you named after a fake identity you made you to suck your own dick in a live phone interview with a pornstar who compared your dick to a mushroom then tried to silence her?
0,is it the time you said the thing in common with your daughter  another one  is sex and how you would date her if she wasnt your daughter? is it your revolving door of an administration? the time suggested us finns dont have forest fires because we rake our forests? is it the time when you couldnt name a single bible verse?  the other porn star? is it mooch spicey covfefe omarosa cohen flynn the very important nuclear and cyber hamberders in the white house 5th avenue and grabbing the pussy? it is impossible to choose.
0,every day  every fucking day of since you decided to run for president again  has been filled with you. everywhere all the time. with the exception of uncontacted tribes in the amazon and those guys in andamans who throw spears at helicopters and missionaries everyone knows who you are. youve achieved the ultimate ascension of narcissists. i tip my hat and hate to you donald. you have become immortal. all presidents do but never again will such a perfect collection of all the negative traits of humanity with zero of the redeeming ones occupy the highest office of the planet earth. you have branded your name on the human collective memory for eternity. all what i mentioned above is a mere fraction of the total. how could you not be? you think we still wouldnt be watching live footage of caligula or henry viii all the fucking time if they had hd cameras following their every move? 
0,so yes you are fucked. you will be forever fucked by history in the worst fucking ways it has ever devised as those who supported and voted for you become a dwindling memory and a joke. it will just be about you in the end just like you wanted. the magnitude of the humiliation conga that will be visited on your syphilis-ridden senile ass will make whatever a hypothetical offspring of giles de rais and hieronymus bosch could dream up in his wildest fucking acid trip look like peppa pig.
0,and i chose to write how you will be fucked by history because i quite frankly dont have the stomach or the imagination to describe how hard *the law* will fuck you. because like said you are very good at leaving a trail.
0,gop: "nah. don't worry. we got you fam."
0,luckily for him crimes no longer matter and rule of law is an afterthought if not little more than a joke at this point.
0,"i'm fucked" is the new "totally exonerates the president. thank you!"
0,every day will continue to be more stupid than the previous one. were just getting started.
0,man he's always wrong. it's like a super power. it's interesting to see how much he underestimates the cravenness of conservatives and the lengths they'll go to to protect him. you hear that assholes? your daddy thinks you are shit.
0,it seems that trump was never afraid of collusion with russia.  i think that he knew he was fucked because he knew it was going to uncover all the other shit he has done.  he could of shut down all the investigations that were inevitably going to open up against him but he couldn't shut down the russia investigation which was going to uncover his tax cheating election fraud money laundering mail fraud etc etc etc.   i think that is what he was thinking when he said he was fucked.
0,whats even more beautiful is that fox news has a trending article with this quote in the headline.
0,cue trump supporters saying this was fake! in 3...2...1...
0,misdirection. what he really meant to say is i have fucked everyone. i have set us back 3 decades.
0,how did we get that quote from trump?
0,trump is a cancer plaguing this once great country.
0,oh great armed trump vigilantes. it's always gotta get more fucking terrifying doesn't it?
0,if you wanna be a badass so much then join the military...oh wait these pussies dont want to risk getting blown to bits for their country
0,who are these guys? why aren't they named they should be locked up no matter who they are!
0,i bet that pretty soon were gonna hear that the migrants have been found dead theres bound be one nut job in the group of vigilantes thats gonna try and kill one of them.
0,i do not understand how any responsible intelligent human being could possibly support that man.
0,these conspiracy theories are getting worst by the day.
0,reddit not removing the_donald or putting in proper mods is some embarrassing shit for reddit.
0,thats what i was telling my coworkers. his head seemed to get redder and redder.
0,rosenstein is a patriot. period. he did the best he could.
0,shit the dummies just don't get it. making shit up and going around the room getting people to agree with the bullshit...
0,conservatives are hypocrites. what's new?in other news water is wet.
0,this accurately portrays why i cant have a conversation with a republican.
0,hard to believe that a scam artist who only is where he is because of nepotism would have moral flexibility in his judgement of a scam artist who only is where he is because of nepotism.
0,so consistency isn't his strong suit?at least he tows the party line....   on behalf of white middle class christians who aren't douche bags i apologize.
0,thats actually just the same douche being a douche twice. but i take your point. fuck those guys.
0,save your effort no right wing person has ever cared about hypocrisy
0,the plus side to all this fucking ridiculous excuse-making hypocrisy and covering up/obstructing justice is future democratic politicians won't need to explain or justify their actions/decisions/behaviour.    all they'll need to do is play back recordings of republicans.  democrats can ditch their spokespeople in favor of a junior staffer following them around with the you tube app open.     should the gop call for investigations into alleged corrupt behaviour of a future democratic president there's days-worth of jim jordan refusing to investigate anything.
0,that's funny because evangelical trump supporters have done more to push people away from christ than the devil himself could ever hope for.
0,what you expect an evangelical to operate in good faith? they're not even aware of what faith is.
0,the problem with this is the first two words in the second comment are "i think"as if
0,i dont know a single democrat who tries to undermine what bill clinton did but republicans will really try and twist trumps infidelity as if it was no big deal. fucking hypocrites lol
0,the lard works in mysterious ways.
0,and they wonder why people who identify with a religion is drastically down.  look at their leaders.
0,what else do you expect from evangelical filth?
0,double talking scumbag. better not let anyone in your closet prick.
0,i saw an excellent explanation in a response to another item: religions were created to serve man. man was created to serve god. you cannot serve two masters. evangelicals serve religion not god.
0,hypocritical just like the cult he follows.
0,that title is an understatement.
0,its as if they stand for absolutely nothing
0,it's sickening how these evangelicals exalt trump as some kind of "holy man" especially considering how he's the physical embodiment of all seven deadly sins.
0,i wish there was a hell so this hypocritical sack of shit could go there.
0,whenever franklin graham tony perkins or their ilk appear on the news tv makes we wish that the antichrist were real.
0,i dont think that these stupid trumpkin hypocrites and liars realize that recordings exist
0,i honestly think the majority of these people need mental health..
0,and they wonder why people aren't taking them up on their offers to debate.
0,this only works cus his followers don't really care about the truth. they just want a talking head to agree with their malformed opinions. works like this for all sides on nearly all issues.
0,we need a massive video that shows these contradictions back to back. show the person making statement 1 against liberals vs the same person making the opposite statement defending republicans. with *every single* statement having not just a compilation of quotes showing hypocrisy without context but a video *showing*    the hypocritical statements lies etc back to back with the original statement. we need something irrefutable to show these brainwashed morons what they refuse to see themselves.
0,none of christianity go with the gop. they just distort christianity into however aids their bigoted agrnda.
0,who's gonna post this to r/the_donald and get immediately banned?
0,republicans and evangelicals are the epitome of hypocrites and are a real evil in the world.  sad.
0,you're assuming the gop has anything to do with christianity. i think the only part they actually believe in is the part where jesus will forgive them no matter how much damage they do or how many lives they ruin.
0,if jesus was coming in the front door these people would be running out the back door. they know they're gonna have some explaining to do..
0,and we all know how fond the gop evanganistas are of citing leviticus when it suits them... can we move beyond this hypocrisy already? can the gop get back to a place of fiscal responsibility and boring but not hateful conservative values? i mean if a bunch of y'all would say "enough of this trump circus crap already" we could probably find some fucking common ground somewhere- like bernie did on his fox town hall- and believe me i was not ready to jump on the bernie wagon or anything that even remotely sounded like it came from fox. facts fucking matter and memes need to die.
0,if you actually look up these quotes they are not accurate. i'm all for the truth but spewing bullshit like this is why we keep looking like fools when someone actually looks up the truth.
0,as a proper christian conservative who *actually reads the fucking bible* i can safely say that they are alt-right and not conservatives. please don't associate me with retards.
0,yeah  that's great  except we need the senate and the gop outnumbers us.  anybody who thinks the repubs have any morals is a moron. a failed impeachment attempt will give the repubs 2020 on a silver platter.
0,here is a video of a trump supporter harassing me because he didnt like my trump punching bag.. he looks like this and keep screaming.. orange man bad lol https://youtu.be/6dy bo3s1v3y
0,haha. pathetic but true.
0,we dont usually approve these but im going to approve this as there are a lot of unanswered questions about this redacted report. please discuss here keeping rule 6 in mind. if this thread turns into a shitshow ill unapprove. please feel free to report any trolls. thanks.
0,my understanding: trump did not directly collude with russia but he tried and he would not have said no to help and then he tried to cover it up. hes at least guilty of obstruction of justice which is more than enough to impeach.
0,until pelosi allows charges of inherent contempt i expect the do j to obstruct.
0,cant stand this nazi enabling woman
0,even more credence that the piss tape is real: mueller report: "tskhiladze said 'tapes' referred to compromising tapes of trump rumored to be held by persons associated with the [host of 2013 miss universe pageant]"
0,wonder who has them. not to mention all the tapes of the apprentice. cant believe those have been sat on for the past 3 years
0,no no no youve got this all wrong only the stuff the founding fathers said that fit a particular agenda should be listened to
0,let's call it like it is uh unh. greenwald is who he parties with.
0,reading comprehension is not the magats strong point im afraid 
0,of course not. we're talking about a group of people who voted for a guy who bragged about exploiting victims of 9/11 someone who talked about being able to possibly kill one of them an still have their vote.....the people who support a guy who became president of the united states of america and looked directly at an eclipse. lol
0,why read (which is super super hard to do) when fox news will tell them exactly what they need to know?
0,sadly those that continue to support drumpf will continue to support him. his poll numbers wont change a whole lot post report. my hope is that the public will start to pressure the house to take further action but i feel our only hope is in the 2020 election. we need to control the house and the senate to mitigate a second term trump because russia and their senatorial lackies will unduly influence our elections again in favor of the orange dipshit.
0,you only need to improve poll numbers if you are running a legitimate election.
0,i would also like to add what happened to the republican subreddit? i went over there to see what the other side was saying about the mueller report and all i could see were red hat posters. the gop subreddit usually has some form of nuance (however minor) since not all of them were trumpets but now? did t_d perform a coup?
0,some of those that work forces are the same that burn crosses
0,remember when social justice warriors used to kill these free speech warriors? ahh those were the days.
0,i messaged them privately about this topic. they changed their justification to "we already have a thread about it" even though that thread is buried. nothing weird about /r/news not having the top news story of the day in its top 10 links even though all other news subreddits do...and all major western news organizations... they intentionally chose a thread they knew would be buried to stand as the one thread they'd allow then removed all other posts related to it.
0,i read some of the comments in those threads and it's a rancid sewer of misinformation and personal attacks.  i honestly don't blame the mods for cleaning house.
0,does anybody else wish they had been there to see the look on trump's face at that moment?
0,why'd we have to wait so long if they were just going to dump an ink bottle over the damn thing?
0,and yet with all those redactions it's still pretty damning. and it's been redacted by bury-the-scandals man himself.
0,this is not a joke or photoshop. jesus fucking christ
0,i see nothing wrong with redactions. if mueller can nail more people using sensitive information redactions are great.
0,i honestly hope someone is able to leak the unredacted version. fingers crossed.
0,if they act like a nazi look like a nazi theyre a nazi. they made their beds they can lie in them.
0,free speech allows you the legal right to pretty much say anything but that doesnt mean it protects you from the social backlash!
0,because something something war against men umm... white genocide and sharia law?&#x200b;did i get it?&#x200b;what do i win?
0,how old and accomplished do you need to be before being considered a woman?
0,here's an experiment to try with your fox news ingesting republican friends.  ask them to name their top 4 or 5 hated democrats.  don't say democrat women -- just "democrats". sit back and listen.  let it all roll out.  you're almost guaranteed to have a list of hated women democrats when they're done.  then ask them if they notice anything in common. then ask them to name a male democrat in the house (not senate).  my friends were not able to even name one besides bernie sanders (and technically he's an independent so he really doesn't count). they're being force fed a diet of hate for women.  fox is doing this daily and they're mostly not even aware what's going on.
0,because they see minorities making policies as a greater threat to their fuhrer than the white dems
0,how old do women have to be to not be referred to as 'girls'?
0,honestly it may be because shes amazing at taking them apart she cuts through their bullshit like a hot knife.
0,they complain about other democrats too.
0,because they are racists. make america white again
0,and don't forget the og one they hate who is the representative of gay san francisco.
0,i mean to be fair they do but she's constantly tweeting about the right and more visibile because of her popularity.
0,because other ethnicities and cultures are threatening to them.
0,shared this to all my conservative lovebirds on facebook
0,because they aren't minorities lol
0,those two get the most press from everyone and it doesnt make a whole lot of sense because they have very little support compared to more mainstream democrats.
0,maybe because party "leaders" like pelosi can't help but take pot shots themselves every other day.
0,just about says everything we need to know he was scared why? was there something he didnt want to come out i am not talking about collusion or obstruction but he was deathly afraid of certain information becoming public.
0,luckily for him he's being protected by the most corrupt federal legislature in american history
0,typical. the govt greenlights the racism and already there are people acting on their basest desires to hurt and harm the vulnerable people. poles and jews during the ww2 come to mind.
0,have stickied this as this is a good day for the fight against the altright. please feel free to help us tired old ~~farts~~ moderators by reporting any altrighters so they can be quickly dealt with and so the adults can enjoy a minor victory. thank you.
0,>soon i will be ready to address the american people again tell it all and tell it myself! cohen wrote on twitter on thursday morning. the social media post came just hours before barr is expected to release a redacted report of robert muellers findings. cohen has turned into trump's worst nightmare. maybe one day all those people who have immunity deals with prosecutors will turn into trump's worst nightmare as well.
0,where he will be forced to become some neo-nazi's little bitch to avoid certain extinction by the bros.
0,fuck afd and the fuck frank dievernich for pulling the old free speech because democracy bullshit i feel bad for the students
0,ugh just disappear already you overstuffed sausage casing.
0,thernovich sure is one wascally wabbit.
0,the article completely fails to acknowledge that the timing of this and the comment about cargo shorts is most likely a reference to this tweet and its surrounding controversy.https://mobile.twitter.com/stclairashley/status/1117495087049482245
0,"modern gladiators" is that what they're calling terrorists now? i mean as long as they're white that is.
0,... modern gladiators?  considering this idiot and his politics regrettably they won't be the kind of 'modern gladiators' i'd have liked :( as fun as the idea as these people fighting each other to the death might sound.
0,lol trump should be put on a lie detector for a laugh.
0,the amount of red paint this guy must go thru...
0,only in office for 800 days and he's lied over ten times that much.
0,when i start to feel guilty about cheering this guys slide into total dementia i remember that hes an incest-pedo sex-predator traitor who has conned grifted and bilked millions of people.
0,i actually feel sorry for him. can't pronounce origins
0,this is what we're up against  indoctrination at home then it spreads to the schools.
0,may their sins be remembered forever.
0,hope no one in this picture plan on ever running for office
0,wtf! what on earth are they thinking how is that funny why would they smile like that?
0,i love how when they finally realize that it was opposite of what they had initially thought they immediately try to explain how its actually a good and smart move. just amazing.
0,can we take a moment to notice that the op for that thread is a gay conservative? just why? that's about as idiotic as being a black conservative. your base does not support you.
0,he voted to keep the war going? it must be in order to end the war sooner. - a very stable genius
0,remember when trump said he would interfere less in world politics?
0,this is what we get when politically illiterate people are suddenly interested in politics because of their cult leader.
0,thats some olympic level mental gymnastics
0,this just in trump supporters are fucking stupid
0,this is both a great example of not just their hypocrisy but also their lack of comprehension skills.
0,i wonder why trump has such a strange favoritism for countries where he has business dealings. weird.
0,they really are mindless sheep.
0,zero independent thought. democrats = bad trump = good
0,a real glimpse into the minds of the stable geniuses who are the only americans capable of thinking for themselves (unlike us sheeple).  impressive. truly impressive .
0,"those are my principles and if you don't like them... well i have others."
0,behold the "facts don't care about your feelings" crowd. holy fucking mental parkour batman.
0,vetoeing to end the war faster? hes literally said that its because of corporate interests. lmao this is the 4d chess bs all over again.
0,our entire species is so fucked.
0,the donald putting the jerk back into knee- jerk politics
0,i love watching cognitive dissonance in action
0,fare thee the fuck well.
0,carl of swindon the centrist moderate ukip member loved by neo-nazis and the edl...
0,what alt-right views does he hold?
0,even the innocuous comments are nauseating coming from that pack of fuckwitted jackals. cant wait for their end when they scurry back to the stinky shadows and cower in fear that their deplorable pasts will be revealed like their shitty ideological forbears.
0,wow i wish i had a way to share that video without liking to such a garbage subreddit. anybody got a link that isn't the_dumpster?
0,term limits this is just unbelievable.
0,ahh the old treason turtle. never disappoints.
0,the politics in usa is just weirdly lopsided. gop is so distanced from regular politics that they can lie and cheat as much as they want is not unusual but the fact that they can boast about it publicly without losing any support is surreal. their voters just don't care. meanwhile democrats are a more "normal" party and if they even think of doing something shady there's a migration away from the party. ... except that the migration always helps republicans who should by that logic be considered an even worse option so that's counter-productive.
0,to be fair we should use a per capita statstic but even in that the us is quite far up
0,i mean that is kind of ableist.
0,is this the first mexican person shes ever met...?what an actual twat.
0,what an ignorant piece of shit.  this woman deserves to get the shit beat out of her.
0,bitch. i hope all of her kids marry brown folks and that she spends her life regretting the moment we just saw.
0,he should have started telling her a bunch of stereotypes about whites even if he has to make things up just to piss her off.(im white).
0,trump's america faux nooz america.  they didn't create it.  but they are making it greater by reinforcing their thoughts and behavior.
0,what a condescending piece of shit this lady is. trump and right wing media have absolutely reinforced this type of behavior. i bet it was all that guy could do to keep from clocking that bitch. karma is a bitch and someday it will catch up with her. it may not be tomorrow but it will. my guess is she will die alone unloved and unwanted.
0,wish they would have treated this fat bitch like they treated that nazi in seattle. bitch looks like she is on disability sponging of a check. so much for the master race.
0,i'm sorry that my country sucks. we still sell golliwogs here. it's so embarrassing.
0,perhaps we should address people on an individual basis rather than succumbing to tribalism with labels such as "alt-right" and "neo-nazi." neither of these terms is particularly informative.
0,if they act like a nazi i'll call them such however if they don't i won't. to me a nazi is a person (or persons) who believes in the superiority of one specific race of humans over all others. that to me is the fundamental part of being a nazi i'm a uk military vet and i  have many right wing friends but almost none of them believe in racial superiority (at least not openly). many are racist (openly or subconsciously) but that doesn't automatically mean nazi. they fear or even hate particular races but again that doesn't necessarily mean they believe they are superior. more often however they hate particular groups that cross racial boundaries such as liberals muslims immigrants etc etc. oh and btw by us standards i'm pretty left wing by my own uk standards i'm 'centre left'. i believe in cradle to grave welfare single payer healthcare (nationalised) and i'm pro-immigration.
0,expect you are calling a large group of people neo nazis when a load of those people aren't you calling them nazis shows a lack of understanding of the other side and a naivety in you. also attempting to pressure other's into calling another large group of individuals under one negative name is a pretty fascistic move. should say i'm a very liberal dude myself and hate much of what i see on the right but it's important to see both sides for what they are and not demonise other individuals.
0,ive said before just what the hell is neo about these nazis?
0,for those of you who argue that alt-right  isn't the same as neo-nazi. richard bertrand spencer(born may 11 1978)is an american neo-nazi and white supremacist. spencer created the term "alt-right" which he considers a movement based on "white identity".https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richard_b._spencer i implore you do not fall into their trap. do not give them what they want. they are neo-nazis and their goal is to use terms like alt-right to muddy the waters get the support of right-wingers who would otherwise reject avowed neo-nazis and to be defended by liberals like yourselves.
0,what is your definition of the alt right and a neo nazi?if you are referring neo nazis as the ~30 meth-mouthed rednecks from the trailer park that protest with nazi flags on capital steps who comprise a teeny tiny fraction of a percentage of our population while the vast majority of of citizens comprising of multitudes of white black brown left right republican democrat etc. scorn and mock said neo nazis then i would say you are accurate. if you refer to the alt right as milo yiannopolous and his following of online trolls who parrot provocative talking points and a few young male meatheads who think they need "to fight the antifas" and do the same petty shit the far left idiots do at protests then i would say you are also accurate. the range of ideologies above alt right to neo nazis ranges from immaturity to ignorant hatred founded on literally being a brain dead degenerate. neither of those groups represent any type of majority in the us and both have so little financial and political power that blaming all of our problems on them and labelling all of your opponents as part of their ranks is just as ignorant as waving the nazi flags those trailer trash carry. frankly its become exhausting.
0,did you vote for hillary clinton to stop them?
0,exactly its the same kind of people just a different thing theyve chosen to call themselves.
0,they prefer "republicans" - but you are correct - they are nazis.
0,i actually call them alt-right nazis. i kinda see neo-nazis as the gangs of thugs like "aryan nation" i see the nazis as hitler germany. alt-right nazi are softer and more bitchy whose feelings are easily crushed but probably more dangerous because they hide and operate under the cloak of angry among fearful conservatives who are terrified of brown people.
0,you know this is how we get polarized. instead of treating these people as individuals and actually talking and debating with them you just slap on a strawman-esque label so that you dont even have to address them.
0,i think the main problem is differentiating people on the right vs actual neo nazis/alt right
0,alt-right is just same-old-right as far as i'm concerned.
0,i just call them all inbred sister-fucking nazis. no ambiguity there.
0,agreed.  seriously sick of all the legitimizing rhetoric that the media crams down our throats.  "alt right" instead of nazi "white nationalist" rather than white supremacist calling donald trump "the us" in international coverage like we're a fucking monarchy. people who put their names to that kind of crap are not journalists - i don't care who they are or what their history is.  they can't even be bothered to maintain basic contact with reality when *mildly criticizing* lawless fascist pigs and just passively accept the rhetorical framing of totalitarian maniacs.
0,stop calling anyone on the right a nazi. it's inaccurate literally more than 99% of the time. just because someone holds views you disagree with or even because someone holds views you see as racist does not make them a nazi and insisting otherwise is a disgrace to what actually happened during wwii as well as being regressive to the very goals you are trying to achieve. think for yourself.
0, dont tell the president  again that about says it all i truly believe he welcomes the interference.
0,a big part of it is that russia is bankrolling far-right extremist groups across the world.
0,people are struggling to find their identity in today's world coupled with extreme tribalism. white nationalism is right there to fill that void.
0,it's rising because of exploding inequality and because mainstream liberals have offered nothing in terms of curbing the inequality while the right offers hate and discrimination as a purported solution. basically mainstream liberals and the invisible backers of right wing extremism both have as their common goal to protect their gains against redistribution. as long as liberals don't present a real solution to inequality right wing extremism will continue to grow and eventually make an end to liberal democracy. unfortunately i think it's as with climate change liberals will keep believing they can have their cake and eat it until they either join the bigots or are locked up in camps.
0,we all know what this actually is though...this is just the rise of nazism minus a world war. this has nothing to do with immigration. if it wasn't immigration it would be interracial relationships. there's always something bothering these "people". they're unable to live happily. it's like a genetic predisposition to anxiety. first they expell the muslims. then it's anyone who isn't white. it's always the same garbage. we agree for free speech and nationalism but to these cretins western culture = whiteness. plain and simple. people keep throwing around stats as if it explains people throwing up new modernized nazi symbols and roman salutes. this fear of white genocide is an irrational fallacy based on absolutely nothing. it's just bored white crazies who literally have nothing better to do. if they get their "ethnostate lol" they'll just resume their imperialistic invasions of other places. they'll just go and chase after the very people they kicked out long after they've left. what is it about this portion of white people that allows for so much mental decay ? this is cancer incarnate. the crazy shit is that his is world wide. people who have nothing to do trying to find meaning by greifing others. granted mass immigration is a terrible idea. even for humanitarian purposes placing millions on top of millions is never a good given human nature.
0,it's mainly because of whites in many historically white/european countries are decreasing at a rapid rate due to low birth rate and high immigration. this is evident as between 2010 and 2016 the non-muslim population of europe actually decreased by 1.67m whilst the muslim population increased by 2.92m. also studies show that if liberal immigration policies continue countries such as sweden will be 1/3 muslim by 2050. these people have the right in my opinion to vote for parties that promise to stop this phenomenon or at least decrease it and if these trends continue don't be shocked that more and more people will become more right-wing.[https://www.pewforum.org/2017/11/29/europes-growing-muslim-population/](https://www.pewforum.org/2017/11/29/europes-growing-muslim-population/)
0,if the house sits around thinking about what they want to do with trump instead of making changes for our country and forcing the senate vote on these changes will show the american people that the republicans just dont care about anything but trump. the senate must start making moves and request to show they are serious.
0,i'll take a stab at it.  he's a liar.
0,my father served in ww2 i can say whatever i want. - sean hannity. what a fucking douchebag
0,hannity is the mainstream version of alex jones.
0,he probably paid an intern to try it and found out it really is torture
0,he's probably waiting for benjamin ghazi to testify against president hrc. he'll celebrate by getting waterboarded after her impeachment trial &#x200b;/s /s /s
0,not soon enough !
0,does anybody elses remember when christopher hitchens was actually waterboarded back in the bush presidency for the exact opposite reason?
0,she is too soft unfortunately. trump is not a legitimate president and if we do not do something right now. they (trump /republicans/russia) will attack us again. fight back!
0,the way omar has been smeared is disgusting. i will openky say i hate anyone who would acxuse others have having a loyalyty to a foriegn nation just bevause of somethijg like religion.
0,the predictable outcome of spending 20+ years of courting the lunatic fringe
0,any chance of arrest of these people?
0,hes right - nixon was a crook but he didnt sell us out to the russians
0,the difference is that in nixon era republicans cared about the us the constitution and at least some legal ramifications. in 2019 the republicans are traitors to the us and the constitution and are actively helping trump violate everything that a president of the united states should stand for.
0,this whole thing confuses me. the mueller report is either nothing or it's watergate depending on which side you're listening to.
0,we need to find a more liberal left winger to orate these charges!(ca. left wing democrat is not enough)
0,i'm sure barr sent the full report directly to trump. they have no issues lying about pretty much any subject.
0,republicans dont want to see it just ignore it and it will go away look congress just lay the evidence out ( mueller all but gave it to you ) impeach him for obstruction but dont remove him from office even if you foreword to ag he will drag his feet but the narcissistic trump will  now know he was beaten the fence sitters will know what kind of man and president he really is.
0,the dude's a felon in possession of weapons and ammunition and was charged as such. this guy wasn't interested in enforcing the law. if he was he wouldn't have had weapons and wouldn't have been a vigilante. this guy and by extension his group were just plain racists with guns pure and simple.
0,theyre just going to join ice formally and keep this shit up. its what the kkk did. they put members in the police and govt to maintain their vigilante activity.
0,this is an incredibly bad precedent they're trying to set.
0,what ever happened to the "better dead than red" of yesteryear?  have the republicans become "commies"?
0,everything is wrong with giuliani's moral system.
0,it's hard to reconcile that this is the same person who took down gotti and the mob and lead ny in through it's darkest time. what a sad caricature of the person he once was. it boggles my mind that so many people who once had sterling reputations would willingly destroy their integrity beyond any possible rehab for donald trump of all people. the sheer human wreckage of his admin is just simply astounding
0,*these are radical islamic terrorists and she [hillary] won't even mention the word and nor will president obama. he won't use the term radical islamic terrorism* trump said during the oct. 9 debate hey trump; can you say **radical right-wing terrorists**?
0,these guys are terrorists.
0,hes the spitting image of trump!
0,should arrest his entire posse.
0,jesus christ as someone who's descended from cuban immigrants good fucking riddance. we need less white supremacist xenophobes feeling they should do a better job at "policing" minorities who just want to become americans & get a better life by murdering them. there's a bit of corruption in border patrol as is[especially under trump] but these guys don't make shit any better.hope the rest of his thugs are arrested and fucking get their asses kicked in prison too.
0,impeachment is a political process designed to remove an elected official who refuses to uphold their oath of office. even if every single line of the mueller report were false impeachment should have been on the table 12 months ago.
0,except for those pesky traitors to the us and the constitution who i like to refer to as republicans. staying in power is their only goal.
0,what worries me is that now nancy is talking like ohhh lets focus on 2020. impeachment is soooo distracting.democratic pussies. we can do this and win the election and bury this asshole in the mountain of shame he deserves. he deserves the legacy of the idiotic cowardly president that he so fears.
0,history and the constitution demands impeachment.
0,how did i know that despite what the muller report stated this page would still yell impeach?
0,the issue is even if we impeach him he still has left a scar on america and he made sure that his replacement is more shitty than he is. impeachment will do nothing unless we fundamentally change the system that brought him to power in the first place.
0,hahaha you must be delusional.
0,while certainly hes unfit for office and should be removed. however if the republicans dont get on board it will be a waste. the senate must vote to convict. they wont at this point. focusing on legislation investigation and being a meaningful check on the executive branch will achieve more.
0,he was impeached before he was elected
0,im not weak and scared. youre weak and scared.
0,i think the issue is his inferiority complex. since he got where he is because of his father's money he's been forever trying to prove he's a superior businessman (which he isn't). being president has been way over his head (like baby bush) but since he's so paranoid he didn't let the people he appointed run the government (like baby bush did). so the us is essentially the titanic heading for an iceberg.
0,there is nothing more obvious than this moment (the release of the report) being the reason barr was appointed ag. cunts. all of them.
0,i hope that republicans are starting to see how mentally ill trump is. he's not only unqualified but he's almost psychotic. republicans need to wake up to the fact that they are enabling trumps mental illness by still supporting him.  they would do trump a favor by starting impeachment which will make trump resign.   https://trofire.com/2019/04/14/signs-of-trumps-dementia-are-clear-as-day-psychologist-warns/republicans are cowards - if trump was a democrat republicans would have already impeached him
0,i believe all opposed to the corruption crimes and indecency of this administration should now on refer to him only as cowardly president trump. just as he used crooked to taint the reputation of clinton the use of cowardly has the added benefit of being true.
0,if he really does have dementia/alzheimer then we should try to address the issue but how does that make him weak and afraid? if one of my grandparents had health issues i certainly wouldn't draw the conclusion your title have.
0,thats not what the article says - he says he wants the process to play itself out but its too early to begin impeachment immediately - which it is.
0,tim ryan is just another weak-kneed liberal who knows he cannot beat trump's 'gaslighting' style of messaging. tim ryan cannot compete against trump's control of the narrative so he advocates giving up.
0,is this the human trafficking trump was on about?
0,maybe he should have them arrested for false imprisonment and violation of civil rights?
0,you mean stop kidnapping.
0,think they'll try to make it a 2a "well-regulated militia" argument for why they should be allowed to continue kidnapping people?
0,history and the constitution demands impeachment.
0,deflection...from 1975.  they are both treasonous actions by the same party. meanwhile democrats got a blowjob.
0,except nothings gonna happen to trump bc republicans are immoral bastards that don't care about the law and justice so long as the unfairness works in their favor. turn it around and boom suddenly everything is a grevious affront to christian values and the greatness of this great nation
0,he won't be president forever regardless of what he wants.  at some point he'll be indicted for the money laundering obstruction and treason he's committed and there's no pardon that can save him.
0,damn right - lets get this going enough of the charades
0,new york "high society" has known for years as has anyone who pays any attention to these things that trump is a poor excuse for a human being. it's why they didn't want to have anything to do with him.
0,is it technically speaking still considered an "accusation" if what youre doing is pointing out the obvious truth?
0,the report will be delivered to congress today according to the article. what devilry are we supposed to expect in the meantime?
0,accuses. but doesnt get up to do anything substantial about it. whats an accusation to the 40% of the country who wont even believe substantial evidecence?
0,nadler is right. barr's press conference today was an absolute disgrace.
0,there is just no reason for the question. it adds nothing it only makes your count inaccurate. it doesn't matter if people are citizens. the constitution makes zero distinction about citizenship. counting non-citizens doesn't allow non-citizens to vote. non-citizens still need protection under the law. "foreign born" is not an issue unless someone is running for president.
0,first off i find it... odd youre acting like emating the 3/5 compromise was a good thing?
0,so that whole "3/5 compromise" thing? it turns out that in the 21st century a lot of citizens don't like the idea of counting african-americans as only three-fifths of a person.
0,the only reason not to is because it is laughable to think a non-citizen would admit to not being a citizen. in the meantime it's just another red herring for the masses to get stirred up over.
0,... gonna need the mother of all tldr;s here.
0,too hard to spell mueller correctly?
0,title should say full redacted muller report
0,tldr:1. trump and his campaign collaborated with russia during russia's meddling in the 2016 american presidential election.2. trump lied about his dealings with russia during the election.3. trump committed numerous instances of obstruction of justice to cover 1 and 2.
0,ha! screw you democrats! trump2020
0,he might do a better job than barr who still released a report that clearly shows trump broke the law.
0,reposted with a better title and link. which i hope will stop the flags for editorializing.
0,in my opinion i believe everyone except for extreme out a wack radicals believe that there is climate change. the difference is from the the action that is taken on both sides. democrats want to preserve the earth at the temp is it right now so the world for animals and humans can enjoy it. republicans however realize the sad truth: climate change is inevitable. you are never going to stop cows from farting and its going to take god to come down to earth to fully stop carbon emissions and even these new renewable energies have their problems. solar energy actually still creates carbon and wind power kills many flying animals. wake up america. climate change is inevitable. what we should be focusing on is how to preserve animal and human life so it will be able to adapt to climate change.
0,so much secrecy for a party that claims to desire small government.
0,hes making putin proud.
0,am i completely off-base or does that seem like it should be impeachment material?i mean that's pretty serious.
0,the russpublican regime been in *open* insurrection against the constitution since day one and yet the media keeps calling it an "administration."one wonders if they call the north korean regime the "kim jong un administration."
0,this is what pisses me off the most: they're outright disregard for the rule of law and dems aren't fighting hard enough to hold them accountable. i understand they can only do so much but they need to be going to the nth degree to subpoena documents while getting it out to all the media (with the voracity conservatives always do) that republicans and trump are trying to circumnavigate the law to protect themselves. i keep holding hope that they'll be held accountable one day but each day that hope wanes a bit.
0,wanna be dictator ass
0,public president wants to continue being a private citizen.
0,its a dictatorship
0,**v o t e**  anyone but trump    seriously i often wonder if republicans would be happier living under a cutthroat kgb butcher dictator like russias putin
0,totally cool totally legal...
0,seriously. what. the. fuck. how has the democratic party become so mismanaged to be led by such blind cowards?
0,this kind of cowardice is why people rightly view the democratic party as weak. guess what? in this county people despise cowards. congress has a moral and constitutional duty and poll numbers be damned! history is watching and hoyer just secured his place right next to neville chamberlain
0,aaaaaand trump forgave corporate bank fines that are due to the us... quid pro quo for not following the subpoenas i wonder
0,ah *finally* the deep-sea fishing expeditions can begin.
0,therein lies the real problem.  if you do that then you give up the opportunity to vote for a candidate in the democratic primary.
0,another consideration is whether or not you care if dems win in 2020. bill weld john kasich or most any non-trump gop candidate has a better chance of beating a generic democrat than trump. the best chance of a dnc sweep in 2020 is running against trump but that leaves open the chance that he'll be re-elected.
0,i don't think that would really hurt trump. i think if that's your goal vote in the democratic primary for who you think has the best shot at beating trump. this may or may not be the same as who you would most want as president.
0,i think this is a great idea... give the republicans a taste of their own noxious medicine.trump won simply because of voter suppression: http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/10/voter-suppression-wisconsin-election-2016/**v o t e**  anyone but trump    seriously i often wonder if republicans would be happier living under a cutthroat kgb butcher dictator like russias putin
0,because even with a bunch of people doing that trump will be getting the nomination. he is still supported by ~89% of republicans. even if that pool has become smaller (it has) the amount of people needed to take him out is near impossible to get. i am happy that someone is choosing to primary trump and getting him to waste campaign contributions but i see little chance of him having an effect. better to focus on picking a candidate that can beat him. you would think it would be a cinch but then again the 2016 election should also have been a cinch.
0,i switched from independent to vote against an incumbent democratic governor. he still won.
0,trump is going to win the nomination no matter how unpopular it's better to use your vote for the candidate you want
0,it's kind of like having more than one account on reddit and then using them to inflate up/down votes. it is considered cheating by most people a dirty trick to convince others that your opinion is liked or other opinions are not liked by other redditors. we all read amazon reviews to better understand the quality of a product. and we all know fake reviews are among the things we read and we try to sort those out as invalid information. no one likes to be conned or duped or manipulated. but dirty tricksters are also widely accepted by the very same people who hate it when the tricks are used against themselves. so it's a matter of what you think is appropriate behavior.
0,no one is talking about the fact that you have down ballot elections! in my state there is going to be several local offices to vote for not primary not run off but actual elections that count that day. you cant vote bill weld (r) and down ballot (d). your ballot will be tossed out.
0,oy. the heartbreaking reality is that you're not wrong. &#x200b;unless that is [you live in maine](https://www.sightline.org/2018/06/15/the-voting-system-democrats-and-republicans-are-afraid-of/) and maine extends its upgraded voting system to the primaries. &#x200b;if other states adopted ranked-choice voting having a field of several qualified and interesting candidates would actually be a good thing! imagine!
0,so what is the best strategy for a liberal living in an absolutely solid red state? any benefit voting in the republican primary?
0,if i weren't a democratic pc and thus legally required to be a registered dem i'd do just this. and not just because of trump with only one exception all the politicians who represent me at the state and federal level are whackadoo conservatives of one stripe or another.&#x200b;it'd be great if we could do this on a large organized scale.
0,i think bill weld is the only republican i ever voted for. of course that was when he ran for governor of massachusetts against john when youve had a long life and youre ripe then its time to go silber. if you dont have any strong feelings about which democrat should win the nomination sure take a republican ballot and vote for weld. the odds of him *winning* the republican nomination are close to zero but i wouldnt mind seeing him get a good fraction of the primary vote. dictators and wannabe-dictators love to project images of strength. they dont just want to be seen as the guys who got 51% of the vote because they dont anyone to contemplate a way to turn that 51% into 49%. thats why just before the iraq invasion saddam hussein was re-elected with 100% of the vote. thats why back in they heyday of the chicago democratic machine mayor daley would do absolutely everything in his power to run up the score for machine candidates even when the opposition had no hope of winning. and thats why trump obsesses over silly things like the size of his inauguration crowd.
0,because victory over rightness is how we got into the current state; not how we get out of it.
0,if he succeeds and is more popular than the democratic  candidate in the general...
0,because he might be a stronger candidate than trump?
0,i did this once to vote for mc cain over w.  i was in republican mailing lists for years.  its not worth the pain.
0,this is why you should be able to vote in both primaries. they are technically two entirely different elections.
0,because bill weld isn't going to win and you should vote for whom you want the democratic nominee to be?
0,the sad fact of the matter is that when the economy is good the incumbent almost always wins. all we can do is vote and get it over with. unfortunately we will almost definitely see a trump 2020 victory because he hasn't done much legislatively that would turn republicans off or stir up non voters. morally he is a disgrace but nobody seems to care about that. this is all just an annoying tv show to most americans
0,the way for the democrats to win is to come up with a better economic plan that will actually help the productive overworked and squeezed middle class. this has been a problem for the past decade as i have heard very little from the democrats that would convince me that they are going to fight some meaningful battles for me. trump has actually been an improvement in that regard which is why his personal shenanigans and controversies are not going to matter in the election. much like with bill clinton... he may have been an inveterate womanizer but the country prospered under his leadership.
0,because as a card-carrying liberal trump is the president you really want.
0,trump has a pay to play scheme going on.
0,which is fantastic if you own stock etc. it's not great for the rest of us.
0,and that accelerated growth will kick in any minute now!...
0,this would be a good time to start a business.......
0,we all got our huge pay raises since they didn't have to pay taxes right? /s
0,i'm 20 years old. i made about 17000$ in taxed income and also worked doing a lot of side jobs all of which were filed under a 1099 because i try to be a decent human being. i made 3600$ in these businesses. i had to pay 222$ dollars altogether after filing state and federal.
0,did someone say andrew yang?
0,this is great as [half to three quarters](https://www.google.com/search?q=corporate+tax+incidence+falls+on+workers&rlz=1c1gcea_en us765us765&oq=corporate+tax+incidence+falls+on+workers&aqs=chrome..69i57.4742j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=utf-8) of the burden of corporate income taxes falls on workers.&#x200b;just because a company pays a tax doesn't mean they are the people ultimately impacted. the employer portion of fica is the most obvious example here - it makes no difference who actually writes the check (firm or worker) since the cost to the firm and the benefit to the worker is the same either way.
0,this really isn't a bad thing though...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1e4s qz ec r8
0,they are the ones who wrote the laws. what a stupid bitch.
0,more projection from the least intellectual and professional executive office in 150 years.
0,she was just being a common bitch.
0,says that our current congresspeople (and we all know which side of the aisle she's referring to) aren't smart enough to look at tax pages. never mind that many of our senators were previously constitutional scholars accountants lawyers etc. and in many cases helped write the tax code in the first place.&#x200b;literally lies for a living for a man baby who speaks and writes at a third grade level believes that you have to present id to purchase cereal and that windmills cause cancer. okey-dokey.
0,i'm going to go out on a limb here and surmise she's referring to the democratic party majority in the house.
0,are you implying she was saying women specifically are too dumb?
0,wow. just wow. were gonna get this upset over a simple set of words that youre reading way too far into. saying congressmen and women means that the congress is inflected upon the women as well because of the and. why does this matter so much?
0,heres a taste of donald trumps other illegal activities (from 2016):* donald trump has a long history of not honoring contracts with construction companies* donald trump has knowingly and intentionally defrauded trump university students fleecing them out of thousands of dollars* he may have illegally coordinated with his super pac* he illegally used corporate resources to pay an employee to write a political speech* he violated federal law by claiming proceeds from various trump products would go to charity although there is no evidence that trump ever donated the money to charity* he violated irs rules by using $12000 from his charity organization to purchase a tim tebow helmet* he violated election laws by emailing foreign officials to solicit political contributions* he violated federal laws by offering ben carson a job in exchange for his endorsement* his employees violated a u. s. trade embargo by pursuing commercial activities in cuba when it was illegal to do so* hes run afoul of election laws by using campaign contributions to pay $6 million to his own businesses* he violated wisconsin election laws by talking with voters as they stood in line to vote* he violated new york state education laws for operating a for-profit investment school without the required license* his foreign policy proposals would violate nato* hes violated copyright law for using copyrighted images without permission* many of the proposals he has vowed to pursue as president violate the first fourth fifth and eighth amendments of the constitution* trump broke new york state law by lobbying to prevent an indian casino from opening in the catskills* his vow to use torture on suspected terrorists would violate the geneva conventions. he would be committing war crimes.* he broke anti-discrimination laws to keep a mob boss gambling at one of his casinos* he violated immigration laws by misrepresenting his company on work-visa applications
0,... surprizing no one.
0,the guy that says things that will make him look good and never does them said something that made him look good then never did it? how out of character...
0,donald trump never keeps his promises unless they benefit him. if only his supporters realized that.
0,he made it to the 7/11 fund. thats not right???
0,im sure in trumps mind omar was one of the thousands of muslims celebrating on rooftops.
0,too bad his cult will never care. they think:- he means well- all politicians are bad - just give him a chance40% of this country is mentally challenged and cannot comprehend reality.
0,donald trump not following through on a promised charitable donation? surely you jest.
0,also took federal monies to the tune ok $150k supposed to be for small business.
0,i thought that was obvious when they labeled their military as a terrorist organization.
0,i mean its been pretty obvious they have been considering this since bolton took office.
0,and it would merely be the *second* unelected gop tyrant starting a war that bankrupts the country and destabilizes the world this century. why do we tolerate the existence of this criminal organization / hate group / brazen terrorist conspiracy masquerading as a political party?  these people are all psychopaths and cowardly heel-clicking goosesteppers who find it comforting to follow psychopaths.  every single one of them.
0,i wonder if theres an election looming in the future?  /s
0,i am skeptical. they can't lay the legal groundwork for anything. don't trust that john bolton guy though! he's a neo-con scammer trump should never have hired him.
0,well it would get the mueller report off the front page so i wouldnt put it past him
0,eh. what's one more war at this point? let's roman republic this bitch! destiny ain't manifested until we can beat that 118 year semi-continuous warfare record from 146 bce!edit: come on guys. obvious /s....
0,not if he was still black.
0,he is not necessarily wrong. the affordable care act was initially a republican policy proposal from back in the day. the two sides have at least in rhetoric have been pushed further apart.
0,economic policies maybe. social policies no.
0,he's seen as a moderate re3publican now so..
0,i've been saying the same about bill clinton since he took office.
0,i mean i support this but it is pretty hypocritical
0,in what certain situations would abortion be ok in your opinion?
0,it is a grave and craven mistake to limit a time proven surgical procedure for any reason.  abortion saves womens lives.
0,you see like a reasonable person not a troll so for me it depends on when you believe life starts. morning after pill...absolutely yes. thats preconception. have you put any thought into what your certian situations would be?
0,your view of only certain circumstances is going to prove a problem. gov't needs to stay out people's circumstances in most cases. let god sort out we sinners concerning the issue.
0,here's my hang up no one likes abortion no one wants to see it happen no one wants to go through it. however the reality is there are problems abortion fixes like rape and mothers safety. if a conservative or anyone for that matter came forward with better solutions to these problems i would whole heartedly support them. but i can't support someone who just says no to a solution without offering one themselves. i hate abortion i wish it never had to happen but i don't see a better alternative.
0,i apologize if this has already been brought up; but ... you *do* realize that research shows that as many as *half* of all fertilized human eggs abort *themselves* naturally? if texas passes their death-penalty-for-abortion law will they be killing their entire female population? and before you scoff at this *how exactly do they propose to know* if a woman miscarried naturally or maybe drank some pennyroyal tea or something? once you're accused it's harder to prove a negative. this terrifies me.
0,i think you might need to provide a little something more to go off of in order to foster a discussion.  like i guess- what is it that you want from us?  do you have a question to be answered?  want to be told why we may or may not disagree with your stance?  want to understand the pro-choice side?
0,i am a liberal that would like to see the number of abortions reduced without making abortion illegal. making abortion illegal will not stop abortions. it will make safe abortions costly and cheap abortion unsafe. the way we reduce abortions is by reducing the amount of unwanted pregnancies. we need to identify the causes of unwanted pregnancies and focus on changing these problems. it seems to me that most unwanted pregnancies can be reduced with education and raising the economic levels of all.
0,4 upvotes 55 replies 
0,its a slow moving but methodical strangulation of democracy in plain sight. since 2016 life in the us has been like a bad dream that we just cant wake up from and for the first time im seriously worried that theyll get away with it. god only knows what kind of a hellscape the us becomes if that happens but i am genuinely worried that it will
0,modern world - https://www.thenation.com/article/the-cliffsnotes-exoneration/**remember your history folks**:first a national emergency is called then congress and the constitution is suspended. https://www.pastemagazine.com/articles/2019/01/this-is-how-dictatorships-start.html
0,this is conspiracy...
0,>this unprecedented action is based solely on the testimony of michael cohen a convicted liar jordan said in a statement. no this action is based on t rump lying about why he couldn't release his taxes mr jordan.
0,about time - stop playing around with harshly worded letters that will be ignored. start bearing some teeth - it is the only thing they will respect.
0,so now the irs has no choice but to hand them over? is that it?
0,serious question: will this really make a difference?
0,a very unfortunate name
0,welcome. living is easier without all the fear and hate.
0,welcome. i cant say there arent any nutty liberals but i hope most of the community reacts positively and welcomes you. most human beings are trying to do the best they can with the information theyre given. bad information happens in any sphere but it is my honest belief that most people are not malicious but protective of those closest to them. understanding can go a long way in harmonizing basic philosophy on life.
0,1. what did you experience that was the tipping point for you?2. what were the nagging questions or issues in the back of the mind that finally started to assert themselves?
0,welcome to the land of logic compassion and inclusion
0,conservative here  why the switch ?
0,i dont think liberals have fat blue pills. we dont use drugs to try to control you political beliefs. i dont understand why conservatives think getting red pilled or whatever is a great metaphor. isnt the getting woke metaphor a better explanation of the matrix anyway?
0,based on the shift of your opinion and perspective what are some factors that could  help bring others to their own realization. i have many friends that are well into the conservative mindset while i do talk politics with them i avoid trying to convince them to change their views. for example are there things trump has done or said that became ideas you were not able to uphold?
0,still have those red tendencies as i see that you asked for questions but are providing no answers
0,somebody had to pay more taxes because they no longer get the full salt deduction.  the only way to get a conservative to understand is when it happens to them directly.
0,what makes you believe that you were conservative to begin with? or what kind of views did you hold and what kind of analysis did you perform to reach those views?
0,i love how liberals and conservatives think they aren't the same thing! [braces for negative karma impact]
0,anytime you miss your civil liberties conservatives will always welcome you back.
0,nice usage of jingoist.   it really needs more screen time as a vocabulary word.   give me a shout if you (or anyone in this thread for that matter) would like insight into the alt-right as it exists on 4chan 8chan neinchan stormfront or any other hyper-nationalist propaganda creation engines. i inhabit these websites and have sustained my sanity over more than a decade.   seriously i have suffered this realm out of habit and would like to contribute to anyone seeking a way of understanding these elements in furtherance of destroying them.
0,trump supporter: \*says something ignorant and gets called out\*"l ib ru hl s d on t l ik e d if fe re nt o pi ni on s!"
0,you said they didnt originate it twice
0,but my penis is very small and i need an outlet for my frustration!
0,you know not every person that shares right leaning views is a thoughtless drone waiting to deploy meaningless insults as a way to bully people to make themselves feel better. for example i lean completely left when it comes to social issues save abortion which i flip flop on. but i tend to lean right on fiscal issues. in a perfect world the balance between helping the less fortunate and keeping a budget would be equal but we all know that that is not how the government works. peoples greed gets in the way on all sides and kickbacks happen or someone decides to sign a bill they disagree with if it will get their own through. thats why i usually lean towards the side that has the most cost effective fiscal goals whether its the right or left. in my own opinion it tends to be the right leaning side that does so more often.
0,hello. you are receiving this message because you posted in defense of donald trump. i no longer provide individual responses on this matter. it has been my experience that trump supporters are universally incapable of accepting verifiable truths about him and by extension themselves thus rendering discussion pointless and therefore a waste of time. i wish you all the best in your ongoing battle with reality. yours respectfully a logical person.
0,>you may be surprised to hear that you did not in fact originate this behavior nor did you oringate it.           right?!plus these neo nazi trolls repudiate using vetted cross-checked sources that follow ethical standards in journalism thus making any appeal to facts when engaging with them null and void. they not only do not care about all the people they are hurting both directly and indirectly through the spread of blatant lies they fact they relish it.
0,jarad kushner looks like he masturbated with his moms underwear as a teen
0,tbf the purpose of the university was to educate you. it is not the responsibility of every random redditor to bear the burden of enlightening the stubborn ignorance of all they encounter. lots of people do take the time and effort but i don't see how they are obligated to.
0,probably because for the most part you need to actually be arguing in good faith. when you're face to face with someone you can read all the signs if a person is being serious or just looking to argue without so much as considering the opposition. on reddit...about all you can do is keep an eye on their rhetoric style and check their comment history for red flags (anyone with an r/the donald in their comment history is not gonna budge)it's all complicated by the fact that there are people whose literally job paid to do is to stir shit so people don't want to take the energy to have a proper debate. now that isn't to say we're innocent because we're human and as fallible as anyone else. that means that when you come from or are arguing for the sake of a minority that has had decades to centuries worth of being silence there's a tendency to want to wall out people whose ideas are basically a threat to every scrap of freedom you and those who came before you fought for often at the cost of their freedom safety and even lives. nobody wants to allow someone else a total stranger even to barge in and undo that. it comes down to a risk vs reward ratio. is dealing with this person whose view points means the undoing of everything i as a liberal hold dear worth listening to? will i gain anything from it? will they gain anything from it? can i afford to let that person take up real estate inside my head? it gets complicated and it leads to vulnerability. these days it just feels easier to not take the risk. these day's it kind of feels like the talking points are over. in the era of unlimited access to information how much harder can you argue for your cause? the lines in the sand are drawn. people either want one thing or the other. there isn't really room to compromise on them.
0,i have many conversations in here with people in good faith. but when people argue in bad faith the conversation is over. they do not want to change in fact they want to lie to decieve others. and continuing to argue with them only validates thier intentional lies. if you can't tell the bad faith from the good then you have a really big problem.
0,with me what makes the difference is whether someone expresses their racist or sexist views in a trollish insulting way or rather they just say what they feel with no apparent mean or taunting intentions. i have very patiently got into long discussions with people who had views they just never really sat down and looked at maybe; or just people who seemed willing to hear what i said and respond without getting nasty. but the thing is sexism went virtually unchallenged for thousands of years in western culture. hell in eastern culture too but that's another conversation. women just plain don't want to hear it anymore. you know the instant negative remarks the insults the judgment the belittling that you see people expressing in liberal spaces the ones that bother you ... that kind of thing is exactly what women have been putting up with for centuries ourselves and we're tired of it. our reaction to the negativity is just like yours only it took quite a bit longer.
0,going to be pardoned by his buddy trump.
0,when i was a little kid i used to daydreamof the year 2000 and beyond. i was so so wrong .
0,this is some news
0,maybe you shouldn't defend hitler ever...
0,how dare you use the things i said and actually believe against me without giving me the opportunity to make excuses for my views-republicans
0,i think its a complicated issue and it isnt the best idea to quote someone without full context; however i feel lieu was in the right here as i dont believe owens answer was misrepresented and it directly related to the matter of discussion. i found it interesting that in her defense (or rather attack against lieus methods) she claims that white nationalism is being exaggerated as a threat to the country when really white nationalists are the scapegoats (paraphrasing). smdh
0,*demoralize the enemy from within by surprise terror sabotage assassination. this is the war of the future*. adolf hitler*these are radical islamic terrorists and she [hillary] won't even mention the word and nor will president obama. he won't use the term radical islamic terrorism* trump said during the oct. 9 debate hey trump; can you say **radical right-wing terrorists**?
0,diamond and silk never praised hitler.
0,i think her comments were really about the common associations (ie hitler) with the concept of nationalism vs the actual meaning of the word.  it is clear that she is not defending hitler but people believe what they want to believe.  i have heard a lot of back and forth between eggheads discussing the meaning of the word and it seems to have some plasticity.
0,her reaction was 100% worth the time wasted on this hearing.
0,this was a bad move on his part her response was rather compelling and he looked pretty awkward after it was all over.
0,wow they want to control a womans body now they want to kill her also family values republicans
0,i hope they try.  texas republicans are *the* biggest punks - the loudest pussies on the face of the earth. they need an arsenal at hand just to feel like normal men just feel by default.
0,but they dont hate women guys srsly!
0,how can he just trample on the constitution like this and not get in trouble?  seriously.
0,i hope that republicans are starting to see how mentally ill trump is. he's not only unqualified but he's almost psychotic. republicans need to wake up to the fact that they are enabling trumps mental illness by still supporting him.  they would do trump a favor by starting impeachment which will make trump resign.  republicans are cowards - if trump was a democrat republicans would have already impeached him
0,no one is going to be able to do a good job running the dhs because luckily for us all trump is a coward that doesn't know what he wants. he wants to install draconian rules at the border so he tells his dhs secretary to do some cruel shit. his hardcore base goes crazy with glee and everyone else gets pissed off. people get so angry that trump reverses his position and throws someone under the bus. this shuts up most of his critics but his base goes insane because he's not being cruel to brown people anymore. how can you enforce the policies of a man that has no policies?
0,we need small red states to produce progressive leaders to run for senate seats to get out of this bullshit
0,get those fuckers out of there!!!
0,so much for the law & order president as if anyone who listened with a critical mind wouldnt have seen that trump is not interested in law and order but authoritarianism to benefit his croanies. he isnt even interested in his base as they will likely lose their health care pay more for less and lose any infrastructure they need (unless they are willing to pay tolls on private roads etc).
0,this will never happen . people will not be murdered because they have an abortion.
0,so we just set aside all the racism and lying and idiocy because a few more people have gotten dead end minimum wage jobs they cant afford to lose because they live below the poverty line even through theyre  working ?honestly the reason i hate trump the most is because of people like you. he himself is a joke. you made him a real threat.
0,he didn't make unemployment go down. it's been going down before he was even in office.
0,how on earth do you attribute any of those figures to the president?
0,why can't i hate him for his personality?
0,because he is a stupid amoral narcissistic elitist without an ounce of empathy curiosity or work ethic. for starters...
0,2 honest questions: (1) how old are you and (2) why are you interested in american politics?
0,children in cages.&#x200b;that alone is enough to hate him. but he's done so much more
0,a. your economic numbers are all kinds of fucked up. the unemployment rate was 4.8 in jan 2016. it is 3.8 now. how is that 4 percent improvement? the gdp was 2.0 in 2016 and 2.6 in 2018. how is that 2 percent improvement? (he promised 4-6 percent gdp by the way.)i have no idea what the 3 million number is? just total jobs gained? obama created 8.9 million over 8 years so that's about on obama levels. that may be accurate but not some kind of amazing number. and i think your wage number is close but 3 percent is supposed to be solid. 1.2 isn't even keeping up with inflation. (obama had 2.2 percent in 2016 and trump complained about it and it wasn't that great)b. what do we hate? 1. the overt dishonestly and intentional lies. "windmills cause cancer" "you have to have i'd to buy cereal" "they're rooting in sanctuary cities" and on and on. willful lies. intentionally deceiving. these kill any attempts at any real conversation. 2. willful ignoring of science for profit. from global warming to just basic environmental policy he's perfectly fine to poison us if s company can make a buck off of it. 3. zero respect for anything. he hates all professionals. hates other national leaders of our allies. treated them like pure shit and lies about them. and the says he trusts dictators. lol foreign policy is what presidents are supposed to focus on and he is beyond a massive failure but a true nightmare.
0,1. he is deregulating everything in government. 2. he encourages and influenced the rise if white nationalists 3. he spends most of his time golfing and campaigning.4. he speaks at a 4th grade level.5 he thinks he knows more than the generals 6. he listens to fox news to make his decisions.
0,i disliked trump long before he ran for president.  as someone in the construction industry watching a serial bankruptee ruin firm after firm while lining his own pockets was infuriating.  lots of builders and designers have worked on trump projects but few if any ever do a second.  he thinks this makes him a smart negotiator but he's just an amoral bully that always had it good and never learned empathy or a sense of responsibility. he benefited from democrat policies for many years and supported them in turn.  he told everybody that if he ran for president it would be as a republican because they are gullible.  he did exactly that and caters to a base that hangs on his every false word. as president he says one thing does another and is continuing to be a bully.  he takes credit when he should praise others and blames others for pretty much everything.
0,i think income inequality may have gotten worsealso all the stuff thats not about jobs
0,well start with these:  [https://www.needtoimpeach.com/impeachable-offenses/](https://www.needtoimpeach.com/impeachable-offenses/)
0,he also lied about releasing his tax returns and about raw dogging a porn star and illegally paying her off. nepotism: his kids are spoiled entitled lying monsters who should not be replacing actual experts. his wife has a "be best" internet bullying philosophy that apparently has no problem with her husbands twitter bullshit. he eats ketchup on well done steak
0,because hes sacking the government and the country for personal gain he's a shitty person with no morals and has done very terrible things in office lied to us or misled us over nine thousand times has absolutely horrific stances on human rights policy has funneled more wealth into the top 1% than any other administration in us history turned an excellent bull market into a bear market in about a year destroyed us credibility on a global scale gutted the state department and left over 50 embassador seats open (jobs critical to us foreign trade and diplomacy and critical to preventing unnecessary wars) violated multiple laws like the emoluments laws and nepotism laws has commit tax fraud put corporate crooks in high power government positions who then began dismantling agencies like the epa and more recently dhs. i could go on all fucking day. edit: he took a 500 million dollar business deal from the chinese government to look the other way when the chinese got caught stealing information from every us citizen with a zte phone. he allowed a us resident to be murdered by a brutal regime and then offered to sell the regime nuclear technology.
0,over 70% of those jobs are in california.
0,whos surprised he doesnt understand laws?  anyone? anyone?
0,every time you think that trump has gone as low as possible that hes the most vile person alive he finds a way to go lower. there is no bottom
0,how has he not been impeached yet?
0,impeachment is too good but we need it.
0,who hasnt he told to break the law at this point? dont we all just agree that rich white people dont actually follow any of the laws that exist? at worst they pay fines that amount to a tiny percentage of their wealth.
0,non-american here. ive asked this question on the same story in another sub but want to ask it here as well as id really like to know the answer. for at least the last year (or even most of his presidency) every time trump does something everyone says he can be impeached for this or impeached for that.  mueller made some report that was supposed to be utterly damning to the president so he can be swiftly impeached. yet there appears to be no progress or even talk of ever actually impeaching him for these seemingly endless impeachable acts. where is all the impeaching at?
0,wake me up when this turd gets flushed !
0,so much for the law & order president /s
0,my thoughts the president vice president and members of congress must make public their tax returns yearly. 
0,federal rule of law has been defunct since january of 2017.  this is a petty dictatorship. but i'm so glad ~~philippe petain~~ nancy pelosi thinks even trying to enforce the constitution against the russian-backed insurgency would be pointless.  ugh.
0,they say it would be a national security risk to release them. besides the shady stuff the returns could possibly expose it could set this new whacky bar on how much the rich get away with in regards to documenting both income and expenses. kind of like testing the limits on how accounting wizards use their magic to turn gold into shiny plastic turds when needed. edit: grammar and spelling.
0,dont hide it. youre an adult. its not their place to decide what party you're affiliated with. so what if they have a problem with it. you are your own person and should be treated as such. my extremely right wing parents are pissed that i vote democrat but ive essentially told them to fuck off because their kind are dying out and i have the right to vote the way i believe.
0,you might lots of campaign mail and it sounds like you have reason to fear theyll be more than unhappy. protect yourself first. do you have maybe a different address you could use in the time being like a friends?
0,you can sign up for a bunch of newsletters etc. from both parties.  throw in some green and libertarian stuff too.  just tell them that your name/ address must be out there since now you can vote. there are many republicans in hawaii that register as democrats just so their vote can help determine the opponent in local races and primaries.
0,i suggest total and open honesty in all things and if that hurts your parents that is because they have issues not you. however that is internet stranger advice and best taken lightly.
0,odds are this will be the only real document that openly says it. they may send campaign literature but they send it to anyone. and frankly if some of the campaign literature did say it. it's often wrong and unfounded. just blame the "stupid democrats" for getting it wrong. fox news them. always blame the democrats and you can get away with anything.
0,i'm not that well informed and tend to just sit and listen to my jewish friends on this. from their perspective israel is already a debated situation within the jewish american communities because of how strongly orthodox israel is in terms of it's government leaders. it's a complex situation i'm still trying to learn about. i really don't see any modern-minded jewish person having that much loyalty to israel that they'd depart from the democratic party over these issues though. 
0,whenever you see a political ad about democrats being against israel remember that it was paid for by many fine people.
0,fox news has carte blanche and shouldn't even have a license.  it's time to call out their yellow journalism.
0,**v o t e**  anyone but trump    seriously i often wonder if republicans would be happier living under a cutthroat kgb butcher dictator like russias putintrump (and republicans) - using the nazi playbook:**make the lie big make it simple keep saying it and eventually they will believe it.**adolf hitler
0,hell i can't help but wonder when he's ever read 4 pages of anything.
0,i heard nothing was conclusive
0,the mueller report is the most anticipated report of it's kind in my lifetime. i can't imagine e the us public not getting access to it in it's entirely. unthinkable. 
0,hahahahaha!!!!! never!!!!! dude is dumber than rocks. no offense rocks.
0,people are often too hard on trump but i am going to allow this burn because it is classy to criticize another person for not reading.  
0,"fucking's legal. selling's legal. why isn't selling fucking legal?" - george carlin.
0,i think that this will lead to even more exploitation of women and violence. i am open to better informed people as to the human trafficking part and subsequent affects. i also have a young daughter and anything that increases rather than decreases the objectification of women (and men) is a bad thing to me. am i wrong on this?
0,anything made illegal forces them to be controlled by criminal organizations. when you make them legal society controls the safety. just like alcohol and abortion. sex work will always exist making it legal removes the criminal controls and helps keep sex workers safe. 
0,yes. next question.
0,obstruct justice much?
0,what is so bad in those taxes? i mean will it really destroy his whole facade if people know hes not a billionaire? it seems like that isnt worth this level of crazy. 
0,trump - nothing to hide the mueller report clears me the people - can we see it?trump - no. the people - can we see your tax returns trump - no i'm under audit the people - but you've been under audit since before you were president?trump - and?the people - are you lying?trump - look over there we're being invaded by thousands of immigrants at the border!and so it continues 
0,gee ya think?
0,is the lawyer a 13 yr female?
0,whats he hiding?  
0,the usa is a pathetic joke. 
0,why wouldnt he? he knew this was going to happen since day one. wouldnt alan weiselburg have copies?ask michael cohen who else has copies. people who have nothing to hide..... hide nothing.2020vote!2020vote!need to get ass kissing mitch out too. again vote 2020/vote2020!
0,lets be honest theres no evidence for it. this article is just an excuse to put trump and grooming in the same sentence.
0,hes right but of course the outrage squads wont listen. my biggest nightmare is any viable candidate to beat trump gets torn to shreds by the purity patrol while trump stays on the sideline laughing and coasts to victory. biden is not my choice but watching the feeding frenzy over what even his accusers agree is not harassment is a preview of what is likely going to be a really ugly primary. we need to make sure that in our quest for progressivism we dont forget that 1.) there is no such thing as a perfect candidate and 2.) absolutely none of the progressive agenda will be advanced if trump wins. there is a strain of progressive that wont accept anything less than 100% adherence to the party line and this thinking will absolutely get trump re-elected if its not checked
0,it's very very simple you vote whoever you want in the primary to be the candidate. then in the general you go and vote democratic candidate. if your ideal candidate is the democratic candidate good for you else suck it up and vote democrat anyway. remember if you don't vote d this time it is likely notorious rbg will retire and they get another asshole on the supreme court and it will be your fault for not voting democrat.
0,liberals are so self dividing this coming election will surly be the downfall of the usa. 
0,oh..gee... i wonder what this will be? clearly not some bs political stunt. my guess is that it will be hillary clinton and obama 8 times. ...but her emails?!!!
0,so are memes the new panem et circenses of our times?
0,what a horrendous take on literally everything
0,we can't meme? wtf? i beg to differ:https://imgur.com/a/f2y8qe u?
0,can't *imagine* why.
0,obviously it's because he wants the irs to wrap up their witch hunt audit of him and his businesses so he can *finally* release his tax returns to the public. precedent trump is nothing if not transparent.
0,strange stuff going on here... hmmm... maybe we should start an investigation?
0,career criminals doing what career criminals do. 
0,how very gangster of him!and predictable. sad. the whole world should bow at his feet and never help with doing anything that makes him look stupid. every move he makes says look at me look at me i am guilty of everything you think i've done!
0,**trumple thin skins impeachable offenses - and/or crimes against humanity:** - emoluments profiting from the office.- conspired with a foreign nation to swing the election.  trump is the unindited co-consprirator to felony campaign finance violations.- obstructed justice to cover up said conspiracy.- endless failures to carry the duty and dignity of the office.- used insecure communication devices- possible blackmail of several senators and possibly a supreme court justice?- instigating racist attacks (advocating violence and undermining equal protection under the law)- abusing the pardon power- hired illegal immigrants for decades- witness tampering and sharing state secrets with foreign powers using presidential office to illegally attack private companies- human-caused climate change denial- money laundering tax evasion- accusations of rape and sexual assault- directing law enforcement to investigate and prosecute political adversaries for improper and unjustifiable purposes- undermining the freedom of the press- violated campaign finance laws- cruelly and unconstitutionally imprisoning children and their families in american concentration camps - update: children dying in american concentration camps- impeach trump https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/efforts_to_impeach_donald_trump 
0,hmm... i wonder why...
0,the usa is a pathetic joke. 
0,love him! ive always been a bernie guy even before bernie was a thing. and now im leaning to mayor pete i think he has the best chance at not only beating trump but i think he can genuinely bring the country together and also get progressive policies enacted. 
0,i'm a huge supporter of pete buttigieg. the thing i like about him the most is that it is clear he's thought long and hard about his policies. he has strong progressive views but instead of using the normal soundbites and rhetoric he explains how we can get on the right path to achieve these progressive reforms.
0,listening to mayor pete is like listening to obama. he talks in a straight line and when he's finished you feel like you've learned something. so -so opposite of listening to people who cover their agenda with smoke-screens of fear-mongering and demonizing.
0,my top choice is inslee the main reason being how experienced he is in touting the progressive agendas we are rallying behind. he has accomplished a lot both as a representative and as governor. [this list starts to give a really good idea](https://politicalcharge.org/2019/04/05/jay-inslee-the-7-issues-guide/) but one thing also not listed was all that inslee has done as governor in regard to immigrants and refugees including standing up for welcoming syrian refugees and being the first to sue over the trump administration over the muslim ban (and going to the airport right when the families were being separated). he's also protested and fought against ice practices. i know we're interested in new and interesting and pete has a lot of great qualities. while we're looking at dark horse candidates you would be hard pressed not to also give a good look at inslee.           &#x200b;that said i like pete and he would be easy for me to rally behind if nominee. i will refrain from saying much other than positives regarding pete because i'm more interested in talking these candidates up but he does have a lot going for him; my bottom line is i have watched inslee's careers for years and i have been super impressed with how he's used his office. 
0,i think he and the media is placing too much importance on his sexuality
0,i'm sick of hearing about the new flavor the week also his husband's name is a verb ("chasten") which is weird
0,we're aware of this. 
0,i mean its two sides of the same coin. its absurd to imagine there arent as many delusional people on the left as there are on the right.
0,when i think of how close we actually came to having a president who once used a private email server just like her predecessors im like whew thank goodness we got the racist nra guy whos going to bust up the unions take away peoples healthcare fleece the treasury flout the constitution accuse the media of lying nepotism ignore human-caused climate change and give all our military secrets to russia wow that was a close one. /s
0,to be clear that's at least 24 whistleblowers. 
0,fox news will somehow spin this to get its idiots all wound up calling the whistleblowers  traitors for calling out our hero donald trump (who totally isnt a traitor)
0,frankly anyone who isnt is a fascist traitor or compliant to the point where they are indistinguishable and they need to be barred from public service for the rest of their life.
0,i can only get so excited
0,i love this. i feel like the "bad guy" for saying about a good number of candidates okay you're saying all the right things and your heart is in the right place but you're running for president not applying for an internship at a small nonprofit. this especially holds true if the candidate also has very little experience so there isn't much precedent to go off.  the more a candidate has a track record of getting good things done the more i can at least expect what their specifics will look like. this challenge to demand details and realism is what distinguishes candidates like inslee castro harris  warren and gillibrand and currently they just aren't getting the press because they aren't rock stars as much on the podium as much as they are diligent workers in their public offices. because they can't dedicate as much to just prancing on a podium and rather they are weaving their campaigning in with their daily work campaigning for the here-and-now issues. the fear is how we falsely equate details and realism with bold ideas - it's not either/or especially in this crowded field. we can have both and why shouldn't we?
0,papa bernie can fix all of our problems tho if we just vote hard enough for him!(for the record i would vote for bernie but i just have to roll my eyes at some of his true believers).
0,i find your mention of fdr to be incredibly ironic.&#x200b;also not that you asked but 'economics in one lesson' is a good read. i was going to link to it but i'm certain you would be offended to shop from any of the online retailers where the book is most readily available.
0,there are several areas in which profit motive is at best corrupt and at worst abominable number one among them and definitely of the latter is the caging of human beings.
0,the facebook stories about this story on mainstream news sites are all full of comments like hurr durr prisons arent supposed to be country clubs! and if you dont like it dont commit crimes!i weep for humanity.
0,alabama is a violation of the constitution. 
0,the supreme court just ruled torture is permissible.
0,*sweet home alabama*
0,i like national scotch day better. 
0,how about we see the tax returns of every supreme court justice? their clerks? every senator and representative? their staffs & interns? and yes - every president cabinet member executive branch employee etc. that would be a great world to live in. let them all bask (or shrivel) in the sunlight. smells like freedom!
0,that sign in daley plaza said *not poland but germany* so it looks like thay were protesting poland paying reparations and saying germany should.  i don't see any signage about anti anything except money.  if there had been signage that was anti- semitic then that gathering in daley plaza would have had a counter protest.
0,nsz arm bands does not mean antisemitism at least in world war 2. the national armed forces werent antisemitic. in the war there were dozens of jewish officers in their ranks. in january 1945 they liberated 280 jewish women slated for death from holysov. in the post war period they fought against the communists and did kill several hundred to a thousand jewish partisans but from what u understand the stalinist forces built some partisan groups of different ethnic groups. in other words its a consequence of the particular soviet informal military unit they fought and not part of ethnic or religious conflict. no idea about these dudes. they opposed a bill. maybe they did it because they are racist. not enough info in the article to prove it especially since their nsz stuff was frankly a lie. 
0,opposing a racist bill that breaks american polish and international laws and deals - what's anti-semitic in that again?
0,**neo-nazi's trying to rewrite history** https://medium.com/the-method/white-supremacists-are-creating-alternate-history-486903c747a3**neo-nazi lies** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/historical_negationism*these are radical islamic terrorists and she [hillary] won't even mention the word and nor will president obama. he won't use the term radical islamic terrorism* trump said during the oct. 9 debate hey trump; can you say **radical right-wing terrorists**?
0,the article says this like i'm not already fully aware just how many neo nazis have sprung up in the u. s.
0,on one hand i'm glad all this bullshit is coming out so we can see it maybe deal with it. on the other i'm shocked by the residual hate fear and ignorance in the us. i had no illusions that racism was dead when obama was elected but god damn seems like 40% of this country is outta their minds.
0,trump overwrote security officials when giving a high security clearance to some drug addict. i cant wait till we find out who that was. easy guess would be steve banon.. but im hoping is someone more juicy like ivanka or kushner.. they seem like undercover addicts with daddy issues 
0,if you are a conservative take a breath and think about what you would say if obama or hillary did this. 
0,of course he did.  trump is a traitor. destroying american national security is his primary purpose.
0,"no puppet. no puppet. you're the puppet!" -djt
0,the us government is a pathetic joke. 
0,they don't want anyone convicted of domestic violence charges to lose out on the opportunity to buy a gun. think of the gun lobby's feelings!  a gun manufacturer may go home with a few dollars less and cry. 
0,first take the healthcare then take away food stamps wic can get erased as well. hell let's just do away with minimum wage and turn the shitty states into sweatshops.
0,the only way this should be allowed to happen is if it comes from walmart employees finally being paid enough to feed themselves.
0,impeach this heartless sob !
0,750000 people wasting tax payer dollars that could be used on more productive things. did you know that over 200 million dollars of snap money stolen from taxpayers is used on fats candys and sugars? this could be even higher because not all fatty foods are specifically listed. love that 200 million dollars going to the 30% obesity rate huh https://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/foods-typically-purchased-supplemental-nutrition-assistance-program-snap-households
0,seems like a good thing to me. the less folks on food stamps the better imo. taking personal responsibility for oneself is an important step to get off gubmint hand outs.
0,i'm a very very liberal person but i honestly believe the food stamp system is completely broken. i know a couple of people who make great money but it's all under the table cash (i.e. tattooist barbers). a lot of them receive food stamps because they can.
0,i say good.   let it al go to shit its the only way to get the idiots who support this asshole and all his complicit gop thieves to see what theyre all about. and start voting every one of them out.  i say let it happen. 
0,unemployment at an all time low. let it happen people are taking responsibility for themselves. 
0,hey but they scored a sporty red ball cap out of the deal and they got to tweak the libs so it's all cool amirite?
0,farm lobby missed the boat on this one years ago. 
0,i feel bad for donors. 7 million dollars to a man who will 100% not get nominated? there's already biden sanders warren harris even booker and some guy i've never heard of thinks he has a chance.
0,it's pretty clear that trump is ignorant/insane/in cahoots with putin.
0,can't *imagine* why a russian puppet attacks nato. just say the word "traitor" already.  when are we going to stop being sea-lioned by our own leaders pretending it's an undecided question whether water is wet?
0,we know why. why do we continue to dance around it?
0,putin told him to.  at this point do you even have to ask?
0,his boss doesnt like nato
0,russher is the answer
0,daddy putin doesn't like nato that's why. 
0,russia is no longer bolchevik. time for nato to go. 
0,funny how the great art of the deal guy is the only one not a lot of people or very very this or that who says nato is a bad deal. forget the commanders and other foreign leaders this guy a shitty business man who we know is doing this for russia says so and out of his many lies expect us to believe some more.
0,cause were being unfairly taxed compared to other countrys
0,found this link on /arcon[https://www.reddit.com/r/conservative/comments/b80jf1/this\_time\_it\_will\_work/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/conservative/comments/b80jf1/this_time_it_will_work/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x)the hilarity is in the comments you should really go and read them.  i can't post to that stoopid fucking sub (been banned you know because conservatives all support so much free speech).  basically it goes like this:1. original post - banning guns will be as ineffective as banning drugs2. comments - we still need to ban drugs their hypocrisy knows no bounds.  and this is a good example of the right-wing propaganda machine.  conservatives are the ones who ban everything but they try and message that they want freedoms.
0,cool. even if this was correct and having guns is bad which it isn't when mr. sanders comes knocking on our doors to take our guns 100 million americans aren't going to give them up so easily. tyranny is a big threat to our country right now and with no sufficient evidence that gun control works liberals are digging their own graves.
0,this subreddit is so stupid i mean jesus christ.
0,of course trump does not care. 
0,if we can learn one thing from the republicans do not stop pushing until public opinion eventually turns in your favor. but there is one thing different about democrats. democrats always fight for what is right for all americans whether they are republican or democrat.
0,the important part of the article:enacting a constitutional amendment would be an uphill battle if not an impossible goal. the amendment would first need to win over two-thirds of both chambers of congress and then be ratified by three-fourths of the states.
0,omg its like he has been reading all the emails ive sent!!
0,i know many of you will disagree with me... that being said abolishing the electoral college is a terrible idea. without it rural america has no voice in us politics and all federal policy would be catered toward populous cities. 
0,horrible idea. it's part of our government for a reason.
0,- when you are so mad trump won you make a bill to get rid of the way he won. if the tables were flipped you guys would be worshipping the electoral college. 
0,i am not necessarily a liberal but i do consider my self a democrat and abolishing the electoral college would be a terrible idea. i know rn most people dont like it but lets think about the consequences. without an electoral college candidates would only campaign in new york california texas and florida. and they would promise laws that would specifically be favorable in those regions while ignoring the needs of the other states.
0,i have a better idea for the ecwhy don't we have popular vote in congressional districtsand if you get more then 46 or 47% of the state popular vote you get the 2 votes for the senators seats keeping the electoral college and having people more control on who they elect for president
0,wow this is such great news now the most populous states (california new york etc) will have the most sway in this country and smaller states will have little to no voice. the electoral college makes sense because it represents individual counties if this bill passes then people will be forced to vote with the ideals of their states' largest cities. rural people need their counties representation otherwise it will be completely drowned out by urban peoples. the largest states in this country are almost exclusively liberal and will now have almost unlimited momentum going into future elections. for real though theres a reason why the electoral college was implemented in the 1700s. as a liberal i cannot support this its nonsense the us is massive the electoral college wouldn't be needed in a smaller country not divided into states but with 50 states the popular vote shouldn't be allowed to dictate the elections. we need to represent everybody and that's why this bill is idiotic. i feel as though my fellow liberals only want this because it ensures our continual domination in future elections this kind of thinking is wrong and borderline insidious. i'm ashamed that my home state of colorado is at the forefront of this bs. edit: the electoral college was established in 1804 not the 1700s.
0,don't forget that lincoln won because of the electoral college. he lost the overall popular vote!  
0,does he honestly think trump the guy who won only because of the electoral college will sign it into law?still love you jeff
0,i can't wait for presidential campaigns to only go to 4 states
0,whats the reason for this? because hillary lost last election?
0,the fucken cops needed a vacation. thats how they schedule vacations.
0,and yet somehow there wont be enough evidence to convict. or prosecutors will find credible reason to fear for their life. these cops need murder charges.
0,those scandalous pigs. 
0,wheres the second amendment crowd?
0,straight up over kill. obviously they didnt need to shoot him but if anything he closest officer could have shot his arm or hand and then just pulled him out the car. 
0,for anyone who thinks there arent  conservatives with you on this: https://www.nationalreview.com/2019/04/the-underexamined-factor-in-too-many-police-shootings/
0,if you take someone prisoner you take on responsibility for their well-being. this is a failure. 
0,us custody = concentration camps
0,lock him up lock him up
0,this is the same guy who called michael cohen a "rat" for testifying against him. hes fucking hiding things in there. how the fuck haven't we gotten to the finances yet is beyond me
0,gee why doesn't he just really get down to his natural level and double-dog dare them to look? sheesh. i've seen pufferfish handle themselves better in the face of adversity. 
0,new york prosecutors: "go ahead punk make my day."
0,fuck that fat orange fuck
0,does trump think he's in the presidential remake of godfather or something? ny prosecutors don't give a shit. 
0,which is precisely what you'd expect an innocent man to do amirite?
0,###**just do it!!!**
0,he cannot do anything about it. they are new york and not federal.
0,i know why this would be a red line for trump. take away his money and what has he got. sure he's got power while he's president but i'm pretty sure his "friends" aren't drawn to him because of his charming personalit. without money he'd be nothing.
0,lock his crooked ass up !
0,cross that line mf
0,the red line was made up by the new york times and was something trump barely acknowledged in an interview when the nyt reporters volunteered it. nyt has run countless articles since about "trump's red line" a concept wholly invented by them. stop perpetuating nyt's bullshit.
0,when he dies the world will be a better place.
0,the this american life episode from last sunday about jones is just jaw-dropping. he's a total piece of shit riling up even more pieces of shit to do his bidding. fuck this guy. sue him out of existence.  
0,i bet he shit his pants when the plantiffs lawyer backed him into a corner
0,**trump and his supporters antisocial personality disorder (sociopath)**symptoms antisocial personality disorder (mayo clinic) signs and symptoms may include:- disregard for right and wrong- persistent lying or deceit to exploit others- being callous cynical and disrespectful of others- using charm or wit to manipulate others for personal gain or personal pleasure- arrogance a sense of superiority and being extremely opinionated- recurring problems with the law including criminal behavior- repeatedly violating the rights of others through intimidation and dishonesty- impulsiveness or failure to plan ahead- hostility significant irritability agitation aggression or violence- lack of empathy for others and lack of remorse about harming others- unnecessary risk-taking or dangerous behavior with no regard for the safety of self or others- poor or abusive relationships- failure to consider the negative consequences of behavior or learn from them- being consistently irresponsible and repeatedly failing to fulfill work or financial obligations
0,hes a po s.
0,what a vile disturbed man who stirs up other vile disturbed people who then traumatise grieving parents. what an absolute shit-stain this guy is.
0,conservative here. i'm pretty sure everyone on our side also agrees this man is a lunatic.
0,i am just drained by this.  when is it gonna be over for f..k sake!!!!!
0,why are there over 300 pages of details about something that didn't happen?
0,he's the absolute master of projection. no contest. i've been filled with anger and misery ever since the report released and barr gave his shitty summary he actually expected the american people to accept.
0,he literally gets away with shit and then accuses his accusers of his own crimes.  the level of  shameless teflon  deflection  is almost impressive.  
0,i wish he would go away. he's a thug.  waving white power signs around on national tv. it was no accident. he needs to be stopped.
0,black mirror the insights of the entire show is impressive.
0,i dont think he even knows what treason means?oh theyre saying i committed treason?! better say they are too!literally everything he is accused of and most likely did do he accuses back at the dems to try and take the heat away from himself. this man is mentally unstable. 
0,trumps standard defence tactic to accuse the opposition of what you are doing. did you do that? no you did it! just like a five year old.
0,just agree with him and call for the perpetrators to be removed from office. republicans are the ones that started and carried out the investigation. so dissolve the republican party.
0,if you ever want to know what the republicans are doing just listen to what they accuse the left of doing. 
0,i think it's time for someone to sue for libel. then trump has to put up or shut up (and lose some cash).
0,its difficult to distance oneself from their own shadow. 
0,if he did his rallies would be empty
0,has he distanced himself at all?
0,you mean at all.
0,did hillary distance herself from the kkk legend?
0,every company person entity has to connect to the public telephone utility.  wouldn't it be easy to force these customers to register every phone number they will spoof and limit their spoofing to only those numbers?  that way any given phone number can be traced back to the customer. of course i am not a telephone technology guy but it seems a simple solution to me.  thoughts?
0,what the hell is wrong with these people?
0,this is udder nonsense. devin is a cow-erd. he should really end his beef with twitter. and now here's a hilarious video about what a truly horrible person devin nunes is: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co1m0o hp8q i](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co1m0o hp8q i)
0,the absolute best that a lot of these lower-profile players in this mess (nunes gates papadopoulos etc) can hope for is that they will be utterly forgotten by history because if they do make it into the history books it will not be kind. guys like trump and flynn and manafort on the other hand will have several generations of offspring over the next century or two who spend their entire life sheepishly lying to everyone they meet "haha no no relation to that guy. . ."
0,his parody accounts certainly will be not sure about him though....
0,he is just saying bullshit that he knows will cause outrage.  i'm not giving him the satisfaction.
0,well if the revisionist history books keep finding their way into classrooms he very well may be.
0,uh yeah - right up there with benedict arnold
0,to the white hoods maybe. 
0,fucking traitors all of them. 
0,in a dictatorship the ruling party gets to decide who the heroes are 
0,by country bumpkins maybe. 
0,god i loathe this woman. 
0,i want to let her do it. she couldn't answer an elected rep. on how many kids that would affect. the elected rep. being an educated person did their homework prior to the meeting and new the answer. 280000 kids. it is time to give the american people some tough love. let the republicans win on what they want to do. let her cut it. parents of 280k kids will suddenly have that pulled from under them. maybe they will wake up and realize republicans are ***only*** out for the super wealthy and in no way whatsoever here for anyone else. let them win let the people suffer. let them cancel obamacare. it is counter intuitive but yes let them burn the house down. then simply go on the road and say i told you this would happen to you and they are the ones that did it. do you want us to fix it? or do you want the house to continue to burn?
0,betsy de vos (trumps secretary of education)- billionaire- no education degree- no teaching experience- republican sociopath- no experience working in a school environment- never attended public school or state university- never put her own children in public school- does not believe in or support public education- believes public school teachers are overpaid- supports for-profit education- invested $200 million in christian schools and organizations- doggedly advocates funneling money out of public education and into for-profit christian-based education
0,i think this creature is even more evil than her brother. her brother? blackwater founder human rights violater war criminal and religious zealot erik prince who has openly stated he wants to start a new round of crusades in order to trigger armageddon.
0,she is evil
0,getting the private sector/donations to raise $18 million but to hear a woman worth $2 billion say that we need to cut a program worth $18 million because we have a larger defecit because of trump's bullshit is amazing. also her yacht is worth like $40 million and doesn't even pay property tax because it's registered under the cayman islands (and gets free protection from the coast guard)
0,shes probably bitter she got cut from the special olympics basketball team as a child.
0,what a feckless 
0,scum of the universe. 
0,trump countermanded her and has thrown her under the bus. i imagine she'll resign by the end of next month. trump hates when underlings make him look bad and she's done this in spades.
0,maybe unpopular opinion here but does this really need to be federally funded?  we couldn't drum up funding for this voluntarily?like no one (outside of de vos apparently) wants to be perceived in opposition to the disabled.  but it is a little weird that this isn't a non-profit type deal or am i crazy?
0,[we already spend more than most of the western world on education per student](https://www.politifact.com/ohio/statements/2016/sep/21/donald-trump/trump-us-spends-more-almost-any-other-major-countr/). maybe it wouldn't kill us to be like europe and spend less. the special olympics are a wonderful charity but the government has no business funding them any more than it has business funding the make a wish foundation.
0,it'd certainly also possibly undermine the influences of class differences if the rich were forced to have their little silver spoons attend the same school as at least middle class students. a few generations of sharing the same misery and possibly making friends over that misery with people of different social classes might help these kids grow up to be not as huge assholes as their parents. then again one can never underestimate teenagers to latch onto the least excuse to segregate themselves. but it's worth a shot? at the very least it'd mean that those parents would pitch in more money if it's the situation their children have to endure.
0,as well he should be - we the people are sick of his shit
0,**v o t e** republicans are cowards - if trump was a democrat republicans would have already impeached him
0,vote the dog shit out of government. 
0,time to put mitch in a zoo. 
0,the article mentions promoting online voting so i'm just going to leave [this](https://xkcd.com/2030/) here.
0,kentucky if you're here it's all on you to get rid of that hamster. 
0,someday people are going to tell horror stories about trump in order to scare their kids into voting.
0, i never use cussing in 22 years - but the gloves are off. listen you son of a bitch. what the fuck's your problem? you wanna sit here and say that i'm a goddamn fucking russian? you get in my face with that i'll beat your goddamn ass you son of a bitch. you piece of shit. you fucking goddamn fucker. listen fuckhead you've fucking crossed the line. get that through your goddamn fucking head. stop pushing your shit. you're the people who've fucked this country over and gangraped the shit out of it and lost an election so stop shooting your mouth off claiming that i'm the enemy. you got that you goddamn son of a bitch. fill your hand i'm sorry but i'm done. you start calling me a foreign agent those are fucking fighting words excuse me. 
0,ditch the mitch!
0,i honestly think there are 100 people driving the entire political banter on the internet and people just vote against whatever side pissed them off last time. 
0,hes had a long career i dont think hes scared of retirement
0,no it isn't and no he isn't. now please prove me wrong!
0,tax cuts come at a cost. 
0,that's not her real nose. 
0,anyone who just assumes their vote wont matter from now on should be ashamed of themselves.  we need to take it all back and right now before these lunatics ruin our country forever. 
0,am i the only one that would never want a house that friggin big? i have a 3bed 1.5 bath and can't seem to keep the damn place clean as it is. give me a normal persons home some land and a garage full of toys to enjoy. then again she probably has a dozen staff to maintain the house.
0,hope the amway sheep are proud
0,stop the presses - a rich person has a large house and expensive boat!?
0,hey red hat cult hows that tax cut looking? 
0,so what is that about $4 per american per month? i'd rather us not do business with a nation that doesn't believe in rights than get that money back. keep tariffs on china indefinitely.
0,isn't this the county that had large amounts ballot integrity problems?
0,wait why would a ballot be rejected? oh because they voted democrat got it. healthy system we got.
0,apparently this is pretty common in florida it's obviously targeting young people. that law really needs to be taken out. 
0,if it were some third world country us would have asked for a un observer to oversee the election process.
0,i've always thought the map shown in the picture was very disingenuous. makes you think the country is 95% republican. the truth is that most of the population are in cities in the blue areas while a vast expanse of the red area is mostly jackrabbits and coyotes.   
0,sure this skyscraper that holds 100000 people voted for democrats. but these 13 fields that mah dog lives in votes for republicans. so the countrys republican. /s for those who didnt catch on.
0,for one its a non-profit. thats a good start they have no one to be loyal to but themselves. second its a wire service. so it tends to be straight reporting of the facts. their job is to report the facts on any given news story and then your news org is welcome to add comment and spin.
0,it's a pretty standard no-nonsense organization similar to npr. i know some of their reporters are fantastic but most are probably pretty average...they do straight news very few opinion pieces. i wonder why the downvoted for this submission? wrong topic?
0,yeah that ap news app is my primary source of news. it's the most objective source i'm aware of. it can actually be pretty boring to read but i guess that's what non-sensationalized facts are like. plus the app is totally free.
0,very conservative as conservative as fox news just less inflammatory. 
0,to this court? no. you could pass pretty much any voting restriction you want and they would find some way to sweep it under the rug.
0,nope. scotus isn't legitimate anyways so don't expect anything from this fascist rubber-stamp committee. if trump's verbatim admissions that he targeted muslims wasn't enough to strike down his illegal muslim ban then nothing can possibly matter to these traitors.
0,republicans are probably going to republican.
0,please man. just stop. 
0,wow get over it trump didn't collude. it's just like when obama was president and all the right wing loonies said he wasn't a us citizen and wanted to see his birth certificate! collusion is just a bullshit conspiracy theory the democrats used to help them win the mid terms and now it is backfiring on them
0,what most people in the left don't seem to get...the more energy you spend chasing ghosts and shadows the less energy you have to actually do anything.  
0,man you just cant let it go can you?
0,give up dude.
0,legally speaking 'collusion' doesn't exist.  only criminal conspiracy. and i think barr is playing fast and loose with the spin as we all expected he would.
0,muller: there is no evidence of collusion. this guy: so there was collusion. 
0,republicans are the scum of the universe. 
0,it's a good start!
0,just watched a few of these videos - definitely worth your time.  good stuff well done.
0,shortly after it was released i watched the one on them being bad faith debaters and instantly recognized the entirety of the lead up to the 2016 elections and frankly that's all i needed to see from this channel. i mean it's probably a great channel and people should support it but i just don't need to know anything beyond the fact that there's no point in engaging them at all. just focus on convincing the independents and non-voters that being engaged can fix this shit show. 
0,thank you for this! i recently posted a question about getting along with my conservative coworkers and wound up getting mostly backlash and not a lot of helpful comments. ive been trying to understand conservative motivations better and this was really helpful.
0,great video - thanks for sharing 
0,the video has a good premise but it uses  the terms alt-right and conservatives together as synonymous. actual conservatives feel that the alt-right is fascist and therefore more liberal than conservative. if your conservative friend marched in richmond then you can apply this information. otherwise if they are an actual conservative then the information in the video is nowhere near accurate and does not apply hope this helps in your conversations with conservatives
0,maybe im misunderstanding but the difference between racial ideology and racial identity seems to be a distinction without a difference. the last paragraph of the article what this all shows is that america isnt racially divided its divided by racial ideology. and thats a good thing for the countrys unity because ideological differences however lamentable are less polarizing than racial conflict in which whole communities mobilize against an enemy. a mix of races are found in each racial ideology preventing tribe and creed from pushing in the same direction which might lead to civil conflict. this raises the hope that american political elites can one day heal the countrys divisions.nazism is clearly an ideology but it still resulted in the holocaust.  how exactly is ideology less polarizing?
0,i kind of agree everyone hates each other at this point. its getting worse and worse i honestly think the us should just break up. california being its own country would be fantastic. california nevada hawaii washington would be amazing. joining canada would be a dream. federal politics just don't seem sustainable they used to pretend to try to get along and had some joint efforts that is long gone. 
0,cool as long as red states tax money stayed in red states. 
0,because a lot of people would suffer. and the red states likely wouldn't care. 
0,well i heard a segment about this on npr and i think such a thing which might be satisfying a little in a schadenfreude or just desserts way isn't really what we want. the democratic party is trying to reach people in all 50 states. let's stop dividing the country into concepts of red and blue states if it implies we don't try to reach anyone outside of "blue". what about swing states? what about the republican rural parts of blue states like illinois and california that are only blue because of their cities? we should be trying hard as it is to reach all people including people who have traditionally been republican. so it would be satisfying but petty and undermining our long-term goals. 
0,republicans are the scum of the universe. 
0,did this same shit happen in one of the carolinas? the outgoing ousted governor pulled a typical republican shitbag move to strip the incoming gov of power? 
0,they struck it down for the wrong reasons though. the session where all of the activity that stripped his powers was not a normally scheduled session that was done by the procedure outlined in the states constitution. everything done during that session was rendered null & void but will be appealed and will most likely be overturned.
0,i cant fathom how anyone can justify this behavior. if this were a democratic endeavor conservatives would rightly scream bloody murder. but because so many ignorant souls abide by these antics it exemplifies that they concur with a oligarchy that does whatever it wants as long as its not a democrat who is doing it.
0,this is it. here we go. i fully expect the ag to redact some of the report and "re-write" whatever he feels necessary to save face with trump and save the trump admin in whole. this is going to get really interesting for the us really quick.
0,what did he conclude?
0,ahh the liberal tears are salty-sweet. 
0,good job! mental health is very important and i hate how some people downplay it so they can give themselves an excuse to not give other people help. or overplay it to try and get rid of certain rights to people just because they have a mental illness.
0,this some bulllll
0,i'm deeply disappointed. i wish i could say "surprised."
0,christian charity....theres an oxymoron for ya. 
0,the agreement was that churches are supposed to keep out of politics in all forms and in return they are not taxed. they've been breaking this contract for decades now and need to be punished harshly. 
0,so the largest christian charity is a supporter of domestic terrorism? somehow nothing surprises me anymore. that is not a good thing that i'm not surprised.  
0,"donor-advised funds allow individuals sending the tax deductible contributions to remain anonymous from the irs"  creepy.
0,republican jesus would be so proud. 
0,color me shocked. the american christian conservative right wing is pretty much already a hate group. but a highly profitable one. 
0,i call shenanigans on this. their source is the southern povery law center (splc). the splc is notorious for labelling those they disagree with as hate groups: https://youtu.be/q nfnh0lm yd m
0,...but you repeat yourself.
0,scum of the universe. 
0,has similar research been done on muslim charity groups?  jewish?
0,it is also 'possible' that it was the the devil.
0,its possible that i am actually god and you should believe me when i say that adulterers should be stoned in the streets. not gays though that was just some translation bs from the 9-12 dudes who compiled the stories of the bible over a period of 600 years.
0,just try not to place so much importance in peoples political beliefs... 
0,it can be hard especially when you have to listen to nonsense and just grit your teeth but thats what id advise you to do. theres no percentage in trying to use reason with righties. it just doesnt work. years ago i had a job where i had to go to prosecutors offices to work on the computers and literally every single one of them had someone with an am radio tuned to rush limbaugh playing all day. theyd nod their head along and talk about how awful the liberals were and id have to just keep my mouth shut and ignore it. luckily i wasnt stuck there every day - i did my thing and got out. if i did have to listen to that daily id invest in a good pair of noise cancelling headphones and just drown it out with some music or a podcast.
0,first political conversation i say i dont talk politics at work. 
0,political anonymity in professionalism is not just functional for a work environment it's functional for democracy.  owners and bosses used to force employees to vote their way or get fired.  it's more than just a good thing it's a necessity in our society.  they should understand this.  also don't only hang with people who think exactly like you do all the time.  the probability to learn plummets.  
0,become a master of changing the subject. if your coworker gets onto politics say you think the politician made a bid on some famous sports team and start talking about that instead.
0,politics shouldnt have a place at work.  its unprofessional.   id kindly remind them of that.
0,so you're struggling with things like:&#x200b;"these people don't like to kill babies?""these people actually own guns?"  "these people feel there are more illegals coming in than is necessary?""these awful people go to church! fucking church!""these awful people believe in two genders! two. what kind of idiot only feels there are two genders?""these awful don't feel/think for me. omg! my life was a lie! i am not special! what!?"&#x200b;suck it up or get a new job what a tool. 
0,keep in mind they are probably saying the same thing about you. 
0,to the surprise of absolutely nobody.
0,"you're lips are moving but you aren't saying anything."
0,ok so heres the solution. subpoena subpoena subpoena. and when they dont comply contempt of congress until there is no cabinet.
0,"innovation" is probably the old horse-sh\*t about "clean coal."
0,fits my prediction that once the fossil fuel industry is largely dead the gop will start rewriting history and claiming liberals were the ones who stood in the way of addressing climate change. they lie for pleasure.  so the bigger the lie the bigger their gratification.
0,the innovation the gop is standing in the way of?  
0,very soon they will have no say at all based on how they have been behaving.
0,in other words the best solution to climate change is now being put forward by republicans! now lets get rid of oil and gas subsidies and innovation will really take off!
0,that's not true at all the senate is taking it seriously i heard they will be bring the green new deal to a vote shortly. 
0,here's my take pelosi doesn't want to proceed with the articles of impeachment at this point because at this point there is not enough sufficient proof that trump violated the law to convince the republican senate to actually vote to impeach him. if the house were to go ahead with the vote it passes goes to the senate and gets struck down it might make future attempts to impeach trump more difficult even in the face of new evidence or allegations. i feel like trump is calling for muller's report to be made public not only as a false posture of strength but also because the noose is really tightening in on trump. if the report were made public right now trump might have just enough wiggle room to escape indictment and impeachment. i also feel like if this were to happen it would make other investigations into trump's affairs like devaluing assets to evade taxes lose some public support and really rile up the propaganda machines for the upcoming election. overall it's not that pelosi is actively defending trump. she's a politician playing politics. if we weren't so entrenched in party over country politics the proceedings would probably already be taking place. however we live in a time where the president can pay a pornstar for sex while his wife is pregnant with his child and still get the overwhelming support of the evangelical vote. unfortunately for the democratic politicians they have to impatiently wait for mueller's findings to come out and hope that there is enough public outcry that republican senators start worrying about their job security in future elections if they don't support impeachment. when that happens republicans will (hopefully) jump ship. am i happy about it? no. do i understand it? yes.
0,i suspect she thinks that trump as president damages the gop's 2020 chances far more than pence as president would.
0,shes not defending trump. nowhere in what you quoted is she even hinting at defending him. but you do realize that impeachment is just a step in the process? he would have to be convicted by the senate to be removed from office and we all know that republicans are not brave enough to support conviction. if they were per pelosis quote you would not be wasting your time and impeachment would be worth pursuing. right now their efforts are best focused on continuing to identify all of the corruption that trump and co have added to our government agencies so that when trump is removed from officeeither through conviction or electionthe other magats that he brought with him will also be held to account.
0,impeachement is not a legal proceeding.  it is a political one.  and if you shoot for the king you cannot miss. nancy has more political experience than anyone on reddit..*combined*.  if she is saying impeachment would distract the country and give trump political cover for more fuckery...all the while resulting in no conviction...then i trust her.
0,impeach trump you get pence and with pence all those conservatives who are on the edge with trump love pence they see him as a moral christian who looks and acts presidential republicans know this they will ride it out just until the end then drop the hammer.  
0,this was precisely the reason i was against her regaining the speakership. she did the same thing in 2007 with w who clearly had violated the law with iraq and warrant less wiretapping. frankly those crimes seem almost quaint now in the trump era. if we're lucky we'll be rid of trump in 2021 but very clearly he'll get away with all of this with no consequences and nothing will change to prevent it from happening again.  
0,what a shitty job she has. 
0,"a man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons." hillary
0,so much of our infrastructure could use that money...this wall is a ridiculous ego trip for this man.
0,i hope that republicans are starting to see how mentally ill trump is. he's not only unqualified but he's almost psychotic. republicans need to wake up to the fact that they are enabling trumps mental illness by still supporting him.  they would do trump a favor by starting impeachment which will make trump resign.  republicans are cowards - if trump was a democrat republicans would have already impeached him
0,if you think the wall is about immigration and not a big payout to some contracting company trump either owes money to or is colluding with than i have ocean front property in north dakota you might be interested in.
0,i don't disagree that the southern border needs some structures and additional funding to help stop drug and human trafficking but this is such an abuse of executive authority and clear example of why the imperial presidency era needs to end.
0,yes we absolutely do.
0,1 more year guys. just one.... more.... painful year....
0,once constituents hear how he is gutting projects for their states to pay for wall they gonna be pissed.
0,i doubt those poll results lets be honest here. hillary won by big margin by those polls last time. fact is trump won the presidency on border wall promise. country is divided between border wall vs no wall. and yes i do believe there is something going on on the border that need to be fixed. as a country us has only limited resources. should we spend those resources on economic opportunity hunters or citizens who fall through a crack and need some help? please do not tell me taxing billionaires will solve the issue do your math and you will find out it does not. just look at the number of people entering illegally every month and if you still think its not an issue then you are so optimistic that you live in a la la land. 
0,i always thought that liberals needed to talk to conservatives. 
0,in my view republicans want to strip rights from my own family tolerate ideologies of racism and bigotry dismantle my profession mandate my religion. i can't possibly vote for a republican even if the individual shares mostly similar views the party does not. 
0,i mean if you're a republican and want a republican candidate and that's your only choice i mean...yeah.&#x200b;&#x200b;
0,steve king doesn't realize what side iowa was on during the real civil war either.
0,not really worried about threats from a pipsqueak neo nazi or his army of morbidly obese type 2 diabetic rascal scooter bound chickenhawks. 
0,and yet he'll still get re-elected for some reason.
0,how's that ~~peace in our time~~ "bipartisanship" that speaker pelosi keeps talking about coming along with nazi trash like steve king speaking for the zeitgeist on the other side?
0,so what youre saying is that just like every other geriatric republican boomer on facebook he shared a meme without fully understanding what was on it? shocking. the stupid spreads far and wide like wild fire with these people.
0,probably because steve king is a moron...and iowa should stop having morons represent them. 
0,the next civil war won't be north v south. it'll be rural vs. urban. 
0,these fucking nazis in our gov have got to go. 
0,i wish there were a way we could see his brain so we could study it in order to find out just what the hell is wrong with him.
0,he made a disturbing point though that rings true that they have the guns.
0,fuck this guy and pewdiepie isnt racist 
0,the bible says those who live by the sword die by the sword. 
0,just seeing trump's face makes me violent...and i really hate that that is my reaction.  
0,my er favorite donald trump quote of all time:    >####[*"we're fighting a very politically correct war.  the other thing with the terrorists is you have to take out their families.  when you get these terrorists you have to take out their families.  they care about their lives don't kid yourself when they say they don't take about their lives you have to take out their families."*](https://youtu.be/i1e xrxl0nkk?t=96)    go ahead click the link listen to him say it for yourself.  tell other people about it too. that's when he went from being a clown to a real threat in my eyes way back in ye' olde days of 2015 before young donald had even won the republican nomination.  still makes me sick to my stomach to think [*that's* the one campaign promise he's kept.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/middle-east-civilian-deaths-have-soared-under-trump-and-the-media-mostly-shrug/2018/03/16/fc344968-2932-11e8-874b-d517e912f125_story.html?noredirect=on&utm_term=.de2b585db321)  
0,and it's time to protest his violence mongering
0,anyone at this point who stands in the way of his impeachment and removal from power should be denounced as an appeaser of nazi terrorism.
0,pretty much any trump operation could be raided for money laundering. 
0,a long read but definitely worth it. my key takeaway is that more and more people arent valuing classical liberal values such as inalienable rights and the need for democratic institutions. and countries that have never embraced liberalism like china and russia are becoming more powerful internationally while also becoming more authoritarian at home. the us is retreating from the world stage and illiberal powers are filling the void. kagan has a pretty grim world view where enlightenment principles are not guaranteed to remain dominant world wide and could even fade in classical liberal strongholds like the us. while im not as pessimistic as kagan i think this article is a good reminder that progress is not guaranteedeven over the long term. anything can happen in the future and we shouldnt lie to ourselves by pretending that the last few centuries of steady societal progress toward more freedoms and more democracy will continue indefinitely.
0,what *is* the attraction to some tyrant telling you what to do stealing all your money and threatening your life? as soon as you let them in they declare themselves dear leader for life and you never ever get to change your mind. are so many people so afraid of teh gay and brown folks that they would give up all joy and light? 
0,interesting that every article on buttigeig regardless of content is being mass downvoted on r/liberal.  as is every other candidates articles unless their name is sanders.
0,he seems great. he may have trouble if no one ever says his last name. 
0,spoiler alert - not a damn thing 
0,there is no way back from this other then a systemic failure of our economy and institutions. make no mistake our government is powerless to make the hard decisions and will be even more so if trump is in power once those failures begin to occur.  the fed has practiced monetary policy knowing full well this failure is coming and rather then take the lumps now they have removed their own weapons to combat poor economic conditions by practicing qe for far too long while leaving interest rates at near zero for too long a period. the problem of course is normalized interest rates means the evaporation of trillions of dollars in real estate liquidity and the potential failure of more banks considered too big to fail.  bottom line:we are one bad day away from being venezuela. 
0,we need a trust buster to break up the oligopolies and cartels in our economy. 
0,oligopolies are functionally not different from monopolies. 
0,that kid is my new hero
0,don't call them the strongmen call them the bullies.  the bullies strike back.
0,right now im thinking elizabeth warren. shes got the most consistent socially and economically progressive policies and takes no shit from republican dirt bags. that said i will vote for whoever wins the democratic primary to stop the orange nightmare. 
0,i'm not picky anymore lol. just an adult and not trump. harris biden booker... even beto bernie or warren. 
0,unless joe the 3rd changes his mind i'm voting for a young tech dude who wants to fix the myspace problem.
0,i will vote for andrew yang. he has ideas that benefit everyone and really look forward to the oncoming economic and social issues that we as a country haven't been thinking enough about. 
0,i will not vote for a democrat but i will vote for a liberal. 
0,bernie checks off literally *all* my policy desires. i supported him in 2016 and i will support him in 2020. i also like warren. her policy to break up google/facebook etc is great and i'm watching to see if other democrats adopt it. i kind of wish either warren or bernie would have run but not both as i think they'll split the progressive vote. i want a progressive nominee. andrew yang is great too. i'm glad someone is talking about ubi. if my state had ranked-choice voting i'd put him number one but strategically i'm voting for bernie in the primary. kamala harris will have to rectify her tough on crime past to me but i like that she's for m4a and mj legalization (despite locking up countless people for mj.)beto voted with trump 30% of the time and is against m4a. he's the only dem that's a 100% no-go for me in the primaries. the other candidates are acceptable to me and are at least relatively progressive compared to democratic candidates we've had in the past and i see that as progress. i will vote for whoever wins the democratic nomination in the general election. 
0,im voting for whoever runs against trump. if i could pick i like kamala harris and cory booker - its a coin toss. harris is preference because its long past time a women become president but would be happy with either.
0,i like elizabeth warren for her wonkiness and smarts but will vote for whoever is running against trump. 
0,right now i've dismissed sanders gabbard o'rourke and probably biden.  the rest i'll get a better picture of closer to the debates.
0,not sure about the part saying the greatest generation tried its best to scour from the earth this type of racist ideology. that generation came back to jim crow america and blithely pretty much ignored things until the civil rights movement thrust it to the forefront. they sure didnt seem to do much about entrenched anti-semitism here either. scouring from europe doesnt count as the earth folks. i guess hence the article title but still...
0,anybody who works with rednecks knows this. 
0,https://i.imgur.com/1mnm18s.jpghttps://i.imgur.com/bde gpwu.jpghttps://i.imgur.com/y rmbr6a.jpg got these from an angry trump supporter today. they were sent in response to my support of lucy lawless reply to donald trumps tweet. these are the ppl in trumps base does this sound like a person that should be living in society with the rest of us? these ppl make up nearly half of my country. 
0,i can't wait to see the talking points in opposition to this.  i am fully confident they will be rationale based in reason and not at all controlled by outside interests. 
0,republicans are anti-intellectualism. 
0,i'm sure nobody would everrrr oppose that
0,im all for this but i also think they should make where their funding is coming from transparent. too many times has "science" been used to spread lies and misinformation. 
0,"stop abortion now"&#x200b;i agree! let's get rid of abstinence-only education give people low-cost or free contraception and make raising kids affordable!
0,christians are so stupid. 
0,republicans hate women.
0,i wonder what these states all have in common? i cant quite put my finger on what they share...
0,they are begging for a supreme court case. 
0,collusion.   vote red you get corruption and collusion.
0,so no one paid attention to how this went in ireland.
0,well guess they're going to go back to the old coat-hanger method. counterproductive misguided moral bullshit to appease the religious who find an "unborn child" (fetus) to be so sacred that they feel the right to dictate what you can do with your own body but say fuck you to those already here and struggling.
0,"forcing me to buy health insurance is tyranny."
0,one of his supporters has already attempted the largest political assassination plot in the history of this country so its pretty well known how violent his followers are. the targeted officials and law enforcement were lucky that he was so inept but that was sheer luck. it might have been the worst political bloodbath in our countrys history and if someone else attempted it again they might be more effective https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/26/us/cesar-sayoc-bombing-suspect-arrested.html
0,what a vile piece of shit we have for a president.
0,these people (trump included) are like kids who threaten school shootings.  whether you believe they intend to or not you can't keep letting them endanger everyone else.  you throw them the hell out.
0,how is this not a seditious conspiracy?https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2384
0,trump calling all maga bombers.
0,i feel like trumps message has a tendency to almost magnetically attract some violent supporters and boneheads. probably because he endorses violence. maybe thats it... who knows.
0,so does anyone in their right mind think a redneck army is going to stand up to drones and modern warfare? 
0,well both houses of congress just stood their grounds in opposing donald chumps emergency-power border wall so we got that going for us ...pending some impactful revelations its just a hop skip & a jump to standing their ground in passing the inevitable articles of impeachment threatening your population as potus is unacceptable 
0,[pinocchio trump]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtz4tec q-y4) is becoming more unhinged every freaking day!  i don't care if pelosi doesn't want to impeach him we should write to all our senators to get this guy out of office pronto before it's too late! 
0,fuck trump and his thugs !
0,give us a reason you goddamn fascists.
0,its been less than a day since this piece of shit prompted his base and one of his adherents has already launched a terror attack in new zealand. these sick fucks disgust me and i hope he is eventually held legally responsible for every act of terror he has inspired in the past two years.
0,why is he allowed to threaten us?
0,come at me bro! i fucking dare you...
0,trump is a divider not a uniter. 
0,but it's okay to give up our guns while all of this is going on... papa government will take care of us. wait...
0,now that the 1% have defeated organized labor in this country they will never allow it to flourish again. if you think they will not resort to using pinkerton like physical force (enhanced by 21st century surveillance and technology of course) you are kidding yourself.
0,as far as i see it the more the merrier in a primary this important. the wheat will soon be separated from the chaff.
0,sorry kinda new here what policy(s) are you most excited for? thank you for your time and help! 
0,everyone's worried about beto's moderate voting record but i don't think he's really much less liberal than the others. he was aiming to take out ted cruz  a good cause if i've ever seen one and he probably built a moderate record to help win that statewide race in texas. unless his vote was decisive in passing some bad conservative legislation -- and i don't think it ever was -- then i'd say the ends justify the means. if he pivots to the left during this primary that'll probably just be a truer reflection of his actual values than his voting record as a texan targeting a statewide race. i also don't know what the people are smoking who think he should wait and run against cornyn. if texas won't even dethrone a universally detested quasi-lizard-creature like ted cruz in the face of one of the best senate campaigns ever run by a democrat then there's no way in hell they'd vote for that democrat over cornyn after just a few short years of demographic change. texas senate is out of reach for now. beto can languish in obscurity for several more years or try to ride his current wave of popularity to the white house. seems like an easy choice.
0,glad to see him in it and certainly gonna be in the running for my primary vote.
0,dont get me wrong i like beto but i dont think this is the time for him. maybe in 4-8 years after this next election.
0,thank goodness. we needed couple of more moderate individuals.
0,we got to many running.  go bernie or joe 
0,we dont need another scum bag billionaire 
0,this makes me so happy!he is my first choice. he wants to serve all americans not just his base. he is the unifier we sorely need at this point in history.
0,watch him become more progressive as the primaries start then fall back to his moderate stances if he makes it far into the race. i honestly like hickenlooper the best. moderate from the start and from a truly purple state.
0,mr. art-of-the-deal folks. heres yet another example of his amazing negotiations skills
0,why do they use such cringy names like freshman or rising star to refer to politicians. 
0,> boycotting celebrity for offensive remark yelling off conservative speaker on campus or firing someone for offensive remark or opinion you seem sarcastic so for one it is in fact an example of conservative censorship when they try to force liberals not to do those things. more answers: the control that social media companies exert over online discourse the attempts to squash science education/teaching of certain subjects.
0,the op seems to like to ask a lot of political and religious questions without participating very much. 
0, in 2014 pennsylvania's supreme court sentenced pittsburg rapper mayhem mal to two years in prison for "terroristic threats" and "witness intimidation." this conviction was based on his lyrics in fuck the police a song he rapped on as part of the group ghetto super star committee. the song which borrows its title from n. w. a.s fuck tha police name checks officers who had arrested mal whose real name is jamal knox for gun and drug possession in 2012 and refers to killing them and other cops. the officers claimed the lyrics made them feel threatened but knox held that his lyrics werent meant to be taken literally and were a vehicle of his rap persona's expression not an indication of real action he intended to take. now the federal supreme court is hearing his appeal case as his lawyers argue that his first amendment rights to free speech have been violated. the situation is kicking up a larger debate about whether rap lyrics can qualify legally as a threat. &#x200b;[https://www.vice.com/en\_us/article/zma8ax/rappers-are-defending-their-right-to-anti-cop-lyrics-in-the-supreme-court?utm\_source=vicefbus&fbclid=iw ar39b126ffm7y mhl oledyn6tc xf6oa y-athp j5q fs dk2l a10rdn zb-i\_ex m&utm\_source=reddit.com](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/zma8ax/rappers-are-defending-their-right-to-anti-cop-lyrics-in-the-supreme-court?utm_source=vicefbus&fbclid=iw ar39b126ffm7y mhl oledyn6tc xf6oa y-athp j5q fs dk2l a10rdn zb-i_ex m&utm_source=reddit.com)
0,think about it  who do you know that even owns a radio?
0,i agree that we could really use a blue collar and country folks radio presence that could put things in such a way as to get through on a more personal or even localized level. at one time during the 70s there were several "southern rock" bands that appealed to younger country type folks who just weren't as uptight as their parents. so we know it can be done. because you are right at the moment it's largely a vacuum. we need another *all in the family* too.
0,im a huge beto fan. even if he doesnt get top of the ticket vp beto is an excellent way to motivate younger voters.  im excited hes joining the primary party. 
0,i really like beto but i fear that too many popular democratic candidates running will split the vote too much.
0,bots will downvote but go for andrew yang 
0,well i would describe it as a potential reality that hasn't been *actually tried* much. in other words not that things *couldn't be* that way just that they *aren't.*that being said hell yeah! the way i learned this lesson was by encountering both a doctor and a lawyer who were frighteningly uninformed incurious and ultimately incompetent. rich people will all try and tell you that they got where they are through "hard work." hell trumpf describes his kids as "thoroughbreds." they are all dumb as rocks. what really disturbs me is thinking of all the stunning achievements that could have been made by the poor and people of color if the affluent pricks weren't so convinced that "those people" are worthless and stupid.
0,its a scandal that rich people get into college with low sat scores but if a certain racial group gets into college with the same low scores nobody bats an eye. &#x200b;the bronx high school of science and other ny public magnet schools have generate as many nobel prizewinners than phillips and exeter combined and it is mostly working class asians. you don't need to be rich to succeed and immigrants who come here penniless and end up rich in a couple of generations are proof of that.
0,good - we need full transparency particularly for trump but also whoever comes after him regardless of party.
0,this is such a good acronym perhaps better than usa patriot act
0,this is what we're paying senators to do all day? what good does knowing the name of someone who met with trump do for anyone if you don't know what they discussed? i wonder how many tax payer funded hours of deliberation it took to come up with that acronym.
0,they said the affordable care act was the worst thing since slavery but they couldn't tell you why. they had seven years to come up with something better but got their assess kicked at every town hall meeting for trying to kill it.
0,hypocrisy;they will defend judeo-christian values but they will also defend donald trump-- who has disobeyed nearly every one of the ten commandments is overall a greedy deceptive person and generally seems to have no interest in helping the poor. (which is one of the most important of those judeo-christian values)i have often heard them call the president a good "christian."
0,for feelings over facts try talking to those who believe in a national emergency at the border or indeed that immigrants from south and central america are criminals. we know as a fact that immigrants even those from south of the border commit less crime than u. s. natives. i'm not sure which feeling this is other than casual racism disguised as caution but it is a feeling.
0,violent protests; while not strictly a protest it was a political and violent affair. the charlottesville unite the right rally. a you tube personality called shaun made a pretty in-depth video about this subject.
0,npcness and snowflakery are not real qualities they are buzzwords to invalidate the feelings and opinions of others either because they are overly-emotional or they reuse an argument or talking point from someone-else-- neither of which i think are necessarily wrong.
0,gop:  gaslight obstruct and project it seems like these days there isn't much they do that isn't one of those three things.
0,see fox news
0,faux news - fox reporting is just there to steer people to the less factual commentary by their personalities. they also give little attention to stories that hurt them elevate stories that frighten or anger the audience about their political scapegoats and frequently give reporting time to stories they know are false in order to plant them with the audience before eventually retracting them days later. **trump lies** - https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/06/23/opinion/trumps-lies.html?action=click&pgtype=homepage&click source=story-heading&module=opinion-c-col-right-region&region=opinion-c-col-right-region&wt.nav=opinion-c-col-right-region&_r=0the president averaged nearly 5.9 false or misleading claims a day in his first year in office. he hit nearly 16.5 a day in his second year. so far in 2019 hes averaging nearly 22 claims a day. (washington monthly)
0,can congress subpoena fox news?the coordinated messaging & attacks are absurd
0,i started to ask why they can't sue/prosecute fox news for all the lies and slander but i remembered that they cunningly package/disguise their "opinion" pieces as "news". o'reilly did it beck did it hannity does it -and people believe it. the second amendment is of paramount importance to a democracy but somehow we've got to stop the willful destructive seditious misinformation onslaught.
0,trumple thin skins impeachable offenses - and/or crimes against humanity: - emoluments profiting from the office.- conspired with a foreign nation to swing the election.  trump is the unindited co-consprirator to felony campaign finance violations.- obstructed justice to cover up said conspiracy.- endless failures to carry the duty and dignity of the office.- used insecure communication devices- possible blackmail of several senators and possibly a supreme court justice?- instigating racist attacks (advocating violence and undermining equal protection under the law)- abusing the pardon power- hired illegal immigrants for decades- witness tampering and sharing state secrets with foreign powers using presidential office to illegally attack private companies- human-caused climate change denial- money laundering tax evasion- accusations of rape and sexual assault- directing law enforcement to investigate and prosecute political adversaries for improper and unjustifiable purposes- undermining the freedom of the press- violated campaign finance laws- cruelly and unconstitutionally imprisoning children and their families in american concentration camps - update: children dying in american concentration camps- impeach trump https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/efforts_to_impeach_donald_trump 
0,sounds like he is taking golf lessons from his buddy kim jong-un. 
0,he's awarded himself a "champion" title 20 times at his own golf courses over the past two decades but has never won anything anywhere else.
0,anyone else hoping for heart attack? aneurism? stroke? i just wanna piss on his grave. 
0,how do the clowns who surround him put up with hes nonsense do they just have no integrity
0,funny how the people that despise other people being handed things like health insurance are always being handed things. hypocrites? 
0,is this news now? i don't care about what trump does at his golf courses i care what he does for america. we as a subreddit shouldn't sink to this level. 
0,that's some kim jong un level shit.
0,another example that everything about him is fake and a lie.
0,he has fake time man of the year magazines why not fake golf championships too?
0,cohen did call him " a cheat '!
0,god he's so unhealthy looking.
0,he simply crawled around
0,>trump beat virtue in the one-on-one competition but agreed to be co-champions with him. and by beat they mean lost. 
0,i guess you become a golf champion after playing every day of your presidency 
0,trump (and republicans) - using the nazi playbook:**make the lie big make it simple keep saying it and eventually they will believe it.**adolf hitler
0,lol just like the letter from an old employee praising him or some shit...... 
0,i would love to take a tractor and just plough through from beginning to end let's see his scorecard then?
0,you guys do know you care more about him than he does right? this is whats pissing you off? really? try not to think about trump for a day and youll realize how he doesnt matter as much as you think.
0,yep he needs more dumb citizens to vote for him and alike. 
0,dumb begets more dumb. in the age of rising flat earth and antvaxx we cant afford this.
0,republicans are cowards - if trump was a democrat he would already have been impeached...
0,but this is historic! its our chance to make a hot white guy married to a billionaire president.
0,is this a joke? 
0,he is not worth it. saving the republic is.
0,its a good article. if you havent read it in full then i highly recommend doing so. the quote seems odd but from reading the context its obvious she wanted this line to get out. shes a pro and knows what shes doing. in truth unless theres votes in the senate to convict him impeachment is the less desired result. its better if hes voted out. it would be less divisive. why make a martyr of the syphilitic orangutan. 
0,old dems care more about power than policy. trump. in office is good for fund raising. oh well. hopefully someone primaries nancy and others. 
0,they wont be able to vote him out until hes indicted. even then theres a chance republicans wont budge. hed have to be forcibly removed from office.
0,trumple thin skins impeachable offenses - and/or crimes against humanity: - emoluments profiting from the office.- conspired with a foreign nation to swing the election.  trump is the unindited co-consprirator to felony campaign finance violations.- obstructed justice to cover up said conspiracy.- endless failures to carry the duty and dignity of the office.- used insecure communication devices- possible blackmail of several senators and possibly a supreme court justice?- instigating racist attacks (advocating violence and undermining equal protection under the law)- abusing the pardon power- hired illegal immigrants for decades- witness tampering and sharing state secrets with foreign powers using presidential office to illegally attack private companies- human-caused climate change denial- money laundering tax evasion- accusations of rape and sexual assault- directing law enforcement to investigate and prosecute political adversaries for improper and unjustifiable purposes- undermining the freedom of the press- violated campaign finance laws- cruelly and unconstitutionally imprisoning children and their families in american concentration camps - update: children dying in american concentration camps- impeach trump https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/efforts_to_impeach_donald_trump 
0,she speaks the true true 
0,i wish more democrats would keep reminding people of this. everybody just moved on like it's no big deal. they even call him "the president" and not "the confessed sexual predator in the white house." just because the news cycle moved on for ratings purposes doesn't mean everyone has to pretend donald trump is anything more than what we saw on the access hollywood tape and his racist birther campaign. he isn't. it's sickening how he's been normalized just because people get bored with one scandal as the next pops up.
0,just saying it is not ok for trump to use his all-purpose "crazy female" put-down whenever he feels his hands (and other parts) shrinking in response to a strong female.  
0,the guy literally bragged about it for half a century.
0,there is nothing wrong with being a crazy female. there is however something seriously wrong with being an admitted sexual predator. 
0,> the decision to go after orourke whose spokesman didn't respond to a request for comment reflects a fear that he would mobilize the millennial and suburban voters who powered the democratic 2018 house takeover and imperil trumps reelection. republicans would be at risk of losing texas if o'rourke is the democratic standard bearer said club for growth president david mc intosh.
0,couldnt even beat a bag of slugs in a skin suit.
0, racial and ethnic equality across the board means work and it will never  be conquered by just niceness on the part of those being oppressed  people of color as so many majority population people want &  desire.   it's amazing that a nation that took almost everything  by force using violence extreme violence whenever necessary or not  necessary now wants those who were walked upon their ancestors  murdered slaughtered lands stolen and wealth stolen to be only  non-violent sweet and nice in their approach to gain equality and  fairness.   such hypocrisy smells to high heaven!  
0,i thought they did that all ready.
0,it's frustrating because the public taxes are what will pay those suits. it should be coming out of the individuals in the administration. namely trump nielsen sessions and miller. 
0,greg abbott makes rick perry seem like ann richards. absolute worst governor texas has ever had by a damned country mile. just a steaming pile of corruption wealth fellatio and lizard brained tribalist wedging.
0,ill take 100 for things everyone saw coming alex
0,to the pardoner in chief that probably sounds like a dare 
0,please let this happen 
0,pelosi already said she wont do it. coward
0,which side of the issue is he on?
0,lying fuck this woman has no shame
0,if they were separating and locking up guns in cages away from parents the racist gop would lose their fucking minds and have spittle flying from their foaming mouths by now. but its just children in american concentration camps trump (and republicans) - using the nazi playbook:**make the lie big make it simple keep saying it and eventually they will believe it.**adolf hitler
0,lying bitch like her trashy animal boss
0,yeah they use cages for animals and put children in them instead.
0,republicans are the scum of the universe. 
0,it doesnt matter what theyre called. you could call it a portable containment unit if you wanted. call it a cage call it a cell call it a room whatever. what it is is an inhumane inadequate living space that contains kids that have been separated from their families. it doesnt matter if its a cage or a room at a five star hotel. family separation is wrong period. 
0,not all steel fencing that has one entrance that locks is a cage.  some of these are storage lockers.  so we just put the kids in storage.     /s
0,they're not migrants. migrants don't get deported. lol! jump the border. get put in a cage. 
0,yeah. that is clearly the highest priority we need our politicians tackling. 
0,i really think it should be more like 19 or 20. basically i'm not sure you should give really new drivers easier access to alcohol. 
0,i don't disagree but i think that's pretty low down on the priorities list. either way dems are more likely to take action and get to a point where that would be actionable. but that would likely be no time in the near future. 
0,criminals want to have laws removed. not a great idea to listen to the people being regulated  theres a good reason why the drinking age is 21. democratic politicians wont touch that. perhaps you have some reasons why it should be lowered other than 18 year olds want it. 
0,alcohol is the most dangerous drug.  i would support free lsd over alcohol 
0,they didnt seem to mind the excessive number of investigations about benghazi and now they claim overreach. this is the job of congressoversight. in their minds congress job is solely to block any democratic initiatives.
0,the same thing was said from opposite parties during the clinton impeachment. i dont think the lie is that big. normal politics 
0,next twist is that trump was born in kenya and melania is a man. 
0,this bullshit reality is so old now. 
0,this sounds like what republicans used to be like here maybe 10-20 years ago. theyve started to get more radical and it actually scares me. a lot of my conservative friends family and coworkers will defend trump and policies that completely contradict old conservative staples like small government and fiscal responsibility. its very tribal and they just suck in the propaganda without seeming to have real values. 
0,the republican spin is - school choice is good for parents private enterprise does things better than government can. the motivation is - you can't profit off government schools so let's siphon off the funds into something we can grift.  our buddies can set up "online high schools" taught by people who don't have a degree and dumb people can send their kids there while we get a cut of the state's education budget to run it. and - bonus - we can teach them that evolution is fake and jesus rode a dinosaur to save you from birth control.
0,their actions indicate that they consider it unimportant.....
0,sounds like you have it about right. funding is almost always less in red states and scores are usually lower in red states. there are a few exceptions but often in those exceptions they are the red states that pay the most for education out of the red states. for example midwestern red states usually pay more for education....and score better than southern red states that on average pay less. texas a "southern-ish" red state pays more for education than many other southern states and does better. capitalists should underatand that quality isnt free. 
0,they certainly want their own kids to go to good schools but by and large could care less if anyone elses gets a substandard or inadequate education. this is especially true for kids that arent white and dont live in tree lined suburbs. generally speaking republicans dont give two shits about anyone or anything unless it affects them.
0,they dont give a shit about public education because they know wealthy people will always find good private schools. so public schools that are funded based on tax revenue and scores are systematically oppressed until the point where the schools get shut down and the only option is charted schools. that way the people that run chartered schools will profit off what used to be a free right for all children in this country. thats why betsy devos who owns charted schools is the secretary of education. its so blatant. privatized education is the republican(big business) dream like privatized prisons is as well.
0,short answer is yes. 
0,i hope that republicans are starting to see how mentally ill trump is. he's not only unqualified but he's almost psychotic. republicans need to wake up to the fact that they are enabling trumps mental illness by still supporting him.  they would do trump a favor by starting impeachment which will make trump resign.  
0,imagine if hillary had won and had then made chelsea a top advisor? people would freak.
0,what a dirty uneducated idiot 
0,arrest trump and the entire family !
0,i get your enthusiasm being new to this.... but no one is taking the fight against t_d. there is no point. everyone there thats an actual human is pretty far gone from reality at this point the rest are just russian bots repeating the daily talking points. basically... its a lost cause but they are protected by special status by reddit so we just downvote and move on. what you can do to make a real impact is to contact your local democratic party headquarters.  find out who your local reps are and if any elections are coming up. consider volunteering or donating to local members who reflect your views. this will have far more impact than trying to rage at the beast that is t_d.
0,learning compassion is a long but rewarding road. i'm gay and latin so i should have understood first hand how hard it is to be hated blindly by others... yet it still took me a long time (and a lot of effort) to unlearn racism homophobia islamophobia and transphobia. it took me even longer to get rid of religion and spiritual beliefs. good luck as you continue to expand your mind and heart.
0,you haven't defected you have escaped. welcome
0,welcome. were glad to have you over here on the liberal side. while i cant promise each and every one of us are as accepting as we ought to be we do give it a good go ~ were a long way from the hell from whence you escaped me thinks. i hope you enjoy your new political home on reddit. 
0,coming from conservitism to balance and now here i wish you the best of luck. what pulled me from the right was a lot of study and historical research defining terminology and constantly information mining to figure out what works and what doesn't. i hope you'll be able to use the lessons learned from your past so we all can have a better future together. welcome and good luck. 
0,>calloused indifference (like what is demonstrated in t_d) requires no courage strength or utility.    well put. that is mode of operation for the rightwing. welcome friend!    your story reminds me of platos allegory of the cave. we are glad you have come out of the cave and are seeing the world not the fox news shadows lit by candlelight meant to keep you ignorant and compliant. the world is a difficult place but not full of the fear and hate they spread.
0,congrats! its tough to undergo that kind of mental change. glad to hear you did it because you see the need to treat people with more dignity and respect versus doing it purely for political convenience or something. how we treat the people around us is a reflection of our souls.
0,kudos op. i escaped a very conservative ethos too. it feels so good to be free to show compassion for those that on the surface appear to be different but upon inspection really aren't eh? cheers and congrats.
0,i used to be a christian conservative raised in a very conservative household. it took my mother spitting screaming like a child crying and physically pulling and shoving me one night all because i said i didnt want to vote for trump to make me realize that there was something really really wrong. unfortunately i know too many people who are like her as well. its like some kind of mental illness or personality disorder. shit was fucked up.
0,welcome it ain't easy t_d irl is enabling a lot of hate and bigotry these days.   we gotta fight and push that shit back to the fringes.
0,you're a conservative but how much time do you spend on t_d?ever heard of r/tuesday?
0,this whole comment seems like a troll.  i just don't see your original position as acceptable regardless of your 'apparent' sudden turnabout.  /r/td is bottom of the barrel beyond offensive and completely divisive.  what you didn't see that before?  you thought you were doing the right thing?  how many times did you call trump geotus?  how many of your posts were driven by scorn for sjw's or liberals?  what's your excuse for not seeing it?  i'm of the mindset that the only way to respond to trump is to call out trump supporters wherever possible to assign a cost in some way to their disgusting beliefs / willful ignorance.  you supported trump and your own internal sense of logic and morality wasn't enough to see through his obvious con and constant blatant immorality.  so in my mind you certainly still deserve criticism at the very least the type of criticism an idiot gets for being an idiot. also your turnabout was self-serving and it would seem you only modified your beliefs in order to align more closely to your wife's.  this should not have been necessary.  you should not have had to wait for something to affect you to know whether its right or wrong but sadly this is typified by practically all conservatives and especially trump supporters.  you're still apparently of this mind-set as it pertains to anyone with a non-binary gender (saw a post you made less than a week ago).  so it doesn't seem like you're capable of giving a crap outside your own interests. if you really did have a change of heart which i'm skeptical of then i'm glad.  but you should still be deeply ashamed of yourself.  and by the way you might want to consider being a bit more opened minded towards transsexuals (they actually exist) and reality could give a crap about your binary view of gender which obviously exists on a spectrum.  this is especially true of someone that apparently hasn't been able to differentiate right for wrong for most of his life.  maybe be more humble in general and stop trying to express beliefs that have the potential effect of oppressing others.  
0,welcome sounds like you are in the right place. i'm sorry you were treated so badly in t_d. they get away with a lot of bad behavior that breaks reddit's rules. unfortunately there are jerks everywhere. it does take a lot of strength to care about others. it's easy to throw up walls and refuse to listen.
0,congrats.  expect some blowback from your friends.  i've been treated very harshly by people because of my views.  lost some friends.  just acknowledging that injustices exist is enough to make some people totally lose their shit. 
0,i'm just glad you had understanding people in your family who came to know and love your wife for who she was. there are unfortunately a few families who never quite get past that way of thinking. i have to confess that a long time ago i was surrounded by mostly conservative thinkers and it took me a while to realize that i was closer to the left than i originally thought. i always felt a bit uncomfortable watching fox news with them and listening to the talking points they brought up sometimes it made me wish i was somewhere else. i think my real turning point is when my best friend (at the time) tried to defend the killing of an unarmed black man. i remember getting into a big argument about how the guy had not harmed anyone or done anything actually deserving of being shot to death by police and it turned into a big thing. i don't think our friendship was quite the same after that but it sure opened my eyes. prejudice is everywhere. racism is everywhere even if you don't always realize it. you have to know what to look for and try to avoid it even if you might distance yourself from people you used to be close to. you will feel like a healthier person by letting go of feelings that are proven to be irrational and based in fear. that's what i've learned in my years of finding myself and coming to terms with my political identity. i never want to be made synonymous with the same kind of festering hate and fear that is currently overtaking the far right. i almost was though. a long time ago.
0,glad you're outta there but it's still pretty mind-boggling that an intelligent non-racist person was there in the first place. you say that your politics have been changing for 5 years but you still supported a man completely unqualified just 2 years ago. so basically you have finally learned to use common sense. don't be offended if i don't think common sense isn't something that deserves praise. it's a minimum requirement in a complicated world and using it doesn't really warrant a pat on the back. > i was threatened doxed insulted. but you weren't banned? i was banned after my first post and it wasn't even accusatory. i was simply asking a question. if you were truly critical in any way you would have been banned. sorry if this post seems a little harsh but it's not really praise-worthy to finally after 2+ years stop supporting a man who breaks the law almost daily.
0,i was raised by conservative republican parents. rush limbaugh on the car radio every morning on my way to a private christain school. joined the army out of high school (and dealt with the dominant political "philosophies" you might expect from a bunch of infantry guys)  so i get it. you made the right choice. 
0,nice work op. checked your post history and this is legit. 
0,thank you for sharing your perspective. defected is such a loaded term... i think it sounds like you achieved something positive. loving someone with vastly different life experience can broaden ones outlook and it certainly sounds like this has been positive for you. 
0,there's many parallels between you and i - i was raised very conservative and simply voted party lines (r) for a very long time. the past 5-6 years i woke up and actually started paying attention to the messages from politicians and issues were facing locally and nationally as a community and not simply how it may impact me as an individual. i think it's healthy to always question your stance on many topics - i don't think anyone is stagnate on their beliefs but some of us do tend to get lazy. i still occasionally vote for republicans or r back l backed propositions my political views are all over the place. i may even go back to being a liberal conservative if the gop can somehow pull their collective head out of their...and come back to reality.
0,was it your mom changing religion that got you thinking?
0,republicans are in a cult now. it is very hard to quit
0,how would you be able to convince your 18 year old self to do what you have done... without dating/marrying someone from a different social group. how do we reach trump fans that may never have that personal link to make them reflect? 
0,mind if i share this?
0,yeah this entire post is bullshit you just posted this two days ago>i post on r/t_d to troll and challenge headass
0,look for cadance owens look at the vice libs vs democrats.. ur just taking her word for it without investigating.  
0,you won't find any call to action on here. you're better off on r/cth.
0,seems like a lot of work when you could get any sinclair media outlet to pump out all the lies you want as long as they're good for republicans. 
0,> but romero perez's conviction was declared a mistrial after another judge discovered that robison's conduct during the hearings was not in accordance with the law. a warning? he should loose his job. 
0,typical trump republican coward tactic
0,trump will set a bad precedent if he vetoes this.
0,has trump had to veto anything yet? maybe hell just sign it by accident. 
0,just trick him and not tell him what he's signing. or tell him it's part of the paperwork to get the ball rolling on the whole national emergency thing.
0,don't get me wrong i'm glad to see any fight against this bullshit. but if congress passes a bill and the president vetoes it what is there to bring to the courts?
0,these theatrics are getting old. 
0,undermining system of checks and balances  yeah i agree congress has too much power
0,oh don't worry most people know. i've been very actively invested in the stock market for the past year and i've never seen it decline like it has under trump. for clarification i have observed it on and off for at least a few years. only became a big time investor as of late. it was a mistake. this is a terrible economy to invest in. without decent world trade going on things are only going to get worse.
0,you can be sure that the donald is making high profits.
0,this was obviously going to happen. trade wars have consequences.
0,i don't like him. i don't think this is a good idea though.
0,says the man who has never held a dead or dying child in his arms....
0,agreed. just because i think its stupid. i dont think forcing vaccinations sticks to our values
0,do antivaxxers reject the polio vaccine too? my god that's scary. you really do not want to mess around with polio. when my son was little i was not happy about vaccines because they were preserved with thimerosal which is mercury. ha so was contact lens solution! but i did it anyway. now they don't do that anymore do they? so is the objection that a tiny number of kids die from the vaccines?
0,what an idiot. 
0,goodby matt - the world (*justice department*) was never meant for someone beautiful (*sweaty & corrupt*) as you. 
0,... and has been appointed special counsel investigating the special counsel.
0,go get em'all the complicit republicans need to be locked up too. squirtle the turtle mc connell and lying paul ryan 
0,nice to see some real investigations being done. 
0,i hope they dont bring any lube.
0,i like the guy falling asleep. i would imagine these to be among the less entertaining proceedings. 
0,lock them up 
0,i love this photo and how it shows rep. collins in anguish because he can no longer protect donald trump.
0,are you now or have you ever been an obstructor of justice? can you provide to the committee the names of others who have obstructed justice?could expand to a few hundred officials perhaps.
0,i'm glad mueller and sdny are investigating trump. i think these committees should largely stay out of it (other than giving people like michael cohen a chance to testify in public). i think their hearts are in the right place but generally they have no idea what they're doing. 99% of them have no idea how to question a witness. ocasio-cortez seemed to be the only competent person at the cohen hearing and it took her 2 mins to ask her questions out of 7 hours.
0,some of these i don't understand.  they have the fbi on the list.  are they going to question each person that works there?  the janitor?  file clerks?  you'd think they could be a little more specific on quite a few of those.  
0,lets start satanist churches and demand taxpayers pay handle the infrastructure cost.
0,im starting the first church of lemmy. 
0,scotus is going to force taxpayer support religion of christianity. there fixed it for you. if it was any other religious organization the supreme court would not have voted to hear this case.
0,i dunno not sure if this is a hill to die on. while i agree it's a slippery slope there are some buildings that church or not ought to be preserved. but mostly i mean like super old ones with serious structural issues. perhaps there could be a system where such a building could apply for a special exception to the rightful separation of church and state. but certainly not to gussy up your 50 year old god-bothering hut.
0,youre the target demographic. /s
0,dunno i blocked them on myself and no longer see them.
0,i still see them. fuck prager u.
0,because they pay money for it maybe? i don't mean that in a condescending way but i get stupid shit sent to me all the fucking time when it obviously has nothing to do with what i watch.
0,did trump say this at cpac?he's preaching to the choir.  this is what these people wanted to hear and he gave it to them.that's politics.  telling people what they want to hear for votes.there's only a small percentage of the populace who thinks like this and they all gathered in the same place at the same time in order to hear what they like hearingits all crap
0,>he sewed divisions he sowed confusion how did the author get one of those right and one of them wrong?
0,careful thar be trolls in this here thread! 
0,going straight for a hitler analogy is way overdone.  
0,**compare trump with hitler?** http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/adolf-hitler-donald-trump-mein-kampf-bluffed-way-to-power-nazi-leader-germany-fuhrer-us-president-a7568506.html**neo-nazi's trying to rewrite history** https://medium.com/the-method/white-supremacists-are-creating-alternate-history-486903c747a3
0,he grabs that flag like he grabs ivanka. 
0,isn't israel a jewish state?
0,is this the sub with that one douche mod that is completely unhinged?
0,i don't see anything wrong with preserving your heritage. that is not the same as exterminating the heritage of others which is what hitler tried to do which is inexcusable. there are a lot of cool civilizations that are no longer around anymore because they were not able to preserve their heritage for various reasons e.g. incas aztecs ancient egyptians mayans carthaginians etc. on the other hand some groups have done an amazing job of preserving their heritage over time despite a lot of turmoil (e.g. jews) and that's clearly been a good thing.
0,does anyone actually believe trump is remotely comparable to hitler? the dude killed millions and millions of people to consolidate his power. you dont have to be a fan to recognize this isnt a good analogy
0,yeah that really seems like a stretch
0,look i dont like trump but god what a stupid statement. americans have the right to be proud of themselves just like everybody else..
0,kavanaugh criticizes `pure discrimination' against christian churches. there fixed it for you. this is what he really meant to say. 
0,memorials are not historical artifacts.
0,if only everyone didn't see this coming. 
0,thats how trade wars work. only trump base morons dont know that. 
0,one of the most insightful pieces i've read recently. and its only going to get worse as dementia sets in. 
0,i thought it was ["ambien's fault](https://catchmeup.info/?s=u kvqfdk w&show=3)  guess she's been trying to fall asleep for years
0,being obnoxious was always her calling card - this has always been who she is. frankly i never thought she was funny and never understood how she had the career she did. her moment is over but she doesnt want to leave the stage. as this continues shell become more and more of a sad parody of an aging out of touch celebrity 
0,she isnt even relevant. 
0,this is true. hollywood is very immoral. we all know  this. yes they went there planning to trade sexual favors for success. what they did is morally reprehensible and should be acknowledged as such.**that being said** that doesn't mean we can just excuse what the people on the top did. you arrest the cocaine dealer *and* the distributor not just one.
0,where is the lie?
0,there's going to be a metric ton of dark money flowing into her campaign and not just from the koch's. her isolationist foreign policies are *extremely* popular with a certain hostile foreign power who would like nothing better than we cede global influence to them and that just so happens to be the same hostile foreign power that has recently shown no hesitation in attacking our elections. expect her to be very well funded and expect her to ruthlessly attack other democratic candidates both moderate and progressive in ways that validate the worst things that trump is saying about them. 
0,welp she's off my list assuming the info in the article is correct. 
0,smears coming in 3 2 1 ...
0,this is the guy who has been funding all these smear campaigns against the congresswoman. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre_omidyar why?
0,is this a russian blog post? 
0,tulsi and dennis kucinich both serve on the css advisory board as unpaid members. i hate the kochtopus as much as anyone but i don't think it's fair to paint this as a "tusli tied to kochs" anymore than npr and pbs are.   to be fair though does anyone have any information on what css is or what it actually stands for? are they a primarily pro-peace bring the troops home libertarian group? if so that might not be damning (as i actually agree with libertarians on that though i have complete opposite views on their economic stances). 
0,not a coincidence that the only real anti-war candidate running in either party is being attacked non-stop. most of you idiots are so busy worrying about russian bots you're too blind to see that your being played and being force fed propaganda by the military industrial complex 
0,no chance for her. moderate liberals and bernie don't fit into the new radical agenda.
0,what are some conspiracy theories you believe in?
0,a lot of conservatives live in more rural areas and don't travel around a lot. i think when you get out and see the world and interact with diverse sets of people you are much less likely to believe in conspiracy theories. &#x200b;also liberals are generally better educated. 
0,they watch fox news. 
0,5/7 of your examples aren't specific to "right-wingers" there are just general popular conspiracy theories fortunately no one will have to read this stupid op because we all died after the polar ice caps melted in 2006 due to global warming
0,thank god the democratic majority can walk and chew gum at the same time.   \- stacey plaskett  
0,it never ends with these fools. anything they do is either hypocritical or a projection.
0,republics attempted to kill the aca many times despite it not being popular and yet this was a waste of time. fucking spineless babies. 
0, they don't have to come next time...
0,actually they complained they could be doing something useful for the american people instead. why dont they get these benevolent thoughts when no one is watching? 
0,nobody cares what traitors think.
0,fuck the gop !
0,wait... diamond and silk were at a congressional hearing giving testimony?
0,diplomats died at benghazi.  
0,benghazi was a cover up
0,in their defense americans died in a violent attack. trump hasn't killed anyone in a violent attack.
0,uh benghazi resulted in the death of several americans our diplomat guns being run into syria and mismanagement of military support and intelligence during a violent protest. that fucking mess earned a lengthy inquiry. do not belittle the death of vile rat. he was a cool dude that knew shit was going bad. they all did. and our system failed them that day. 
0,as a trump supporter im happy about the way the media covered the testimony. the democrats/liberal media are underestimating the intelligence of the american people everyday.
0,i hope so. no strike three.
0,i'm a little baffled at this string of republican power players acting so rashly in the face of such a sensitive situation. are they really that desperate the head off public opinion in the face of a potential impeachment that they're willing to self-destruct to prevent a successful verdict against trump? the hell is going on here?
0,i hope the judge jails his big mouth.  
0,it' going to get much much worse folks:the problem is trump needs a war he desperately wants a war. any war will do. it's the only way left for him to distract from the upcoming mueller indictments...
0,they were counting on a pardon. cohen faces charges beyond trumps grasp and that flipped him. stone is self desiring because of his personality disorder.
0,lock. him. up.
0,why is he not already?
0,consider me super skeptical at this point.  she read him the riot act over his instagram bullshit but then only just made his gag order stricter.  it felt like it was just double secret probation or something.  i don't blame her for trying to avoid controversy and hopefully she's giving him plenty of rope to hang himself with.
0,no he won't. these guys get as many strikes as they want because everyone is afraid of being labled as having bias. he will get another super stern talking to if even that.
0,perfect solution.  what a creep
0,i love this. maybe he'll cry on his perp-walk.
0,one can only hope - he certainly deserves it
0,lock him up. lock him up!
0,i'm ok with this.
0,note: this article is satirical
0,nothing will happen to him his fellow gop traitors will protect their own. 
0,but will there be consequences...
0,didn't he kind of blow his load threat wise by mentioning the girlfriend... i mean that is what he was going to threaten cohen with revealing the girlfriend right?- or was there more. if that is the case can he be disbarred for stupidity?
0,whaaaaaaat? when did threatening a witness in a very public manner become illegal?
0,can you imagine if jared kushner was threatened by a democrat about his father-in-law and wife ?  hmmmmmmm wonder if he would be in trouble?
0,eh it's totally fine. he totally apologized *and* deleted the tweet!/s
0,trump does the same thing on twitter.  when's someone gonna lock him up??! 
0,florida bar doesn't seem impressed? https://www-m.cnn.com/2019/02/27/politics/gaetz-cohen-tweet-florida-bar/index.html?r=https%3a%2f%2fen.m.wikipedia.org%2f&rm=1
0,appears sooo there isnt proof
0,i think trump has been *good* for america in an indirect way. he has shown what the extremes of corruption self interest racism divisiveness and political cronyism can lead to. whats more his ineptitude means that it is becoming highly visible what he is up to and what the consequences are. as a result america is getting angry new ideas and people to support them are emerging from a previously apathetic public. one could argue that without trump we wouldn't have aoc bernie sanders and elizabeth warren would still be considered too extreme to be taken seriously. concepts such as progressive taxation universal health coverage and climate-protecting new energy sources would not even be on the agenda. it even looks like the undemocratic electoral college is in question along with voter selection and gerrymandering. sometimes things have to get worse before they can get better.
0,hopefully we will try to learn from our mistakes. 
0,its hard to predict six years from now. 
0,serious question how is he not facing jail time?
0,how in gods name are democrats not beating republicans over the head with this. its insane. the party that screams fake votes actually fake votes and you dont even call them out on it. edit: btw fuck you harris i hope every day for the rest of your life there are people shouting outside your house lock him up. you pathetic fake religious coward criminal. fuck you. piece of fucking shit
0,fake voter fraud versus real election fraud brought to you by the gop. 
0,why quit?   republicans got your back if you are a republican who commits crimes or steals elections.
0,well to be fair he might have another one of those strokes that don't affect him in any discernible way other than to make him commit election fraud.
0,the christian right and their morals..baffle me. 
0,sadly youre correct. 
0,lo ck he r u p
0,mc connell pat toomey ted cruz lindsey graham and rand paul.
0,if i had 5 removals and i was in a room with 4 hitlers and mitch mc connell.  i'd remove mitch mc connell 5 times.
0,the turtle lying ted culberson greg abbot pence.  
0,mitch mc connell  kevin mc carthy  ted cruz  lindsey graham  susan collins (doesn't matter to me if she's considered a "moderate" she's toed the line and bent the knee 99.9% of the time she's had to step up and act like one)it was really hard for me to leave off pat toomey or mike kelly as a pa resident but fuck the five mentioned above.
0,trump pence mc connell betsy de vos whoever that coal guy is that trump has in there destroying the epa. 
0,pelosi schumer aoc waters and whoever is against america with anyone with an iq over 60.
0,why do we have to keep stabbing each other in the back we need another hitler so we can agree on something /s
0,what the fuck is taking so long. god damnit 
0,back in the 90s when i was in high school i read susan faludi's backlash and found it riveting.  it went into great detail on the way the media (commercials news tv shows etc) infected society with anti-feminism.  i find it very relevant today as much of what she points out is still occurring all these years later.
0,kudos to you for wanting to learn more about feminism! feminist theory is also great for training your mind on how to dissect issues beyond gender-related ones. if you're in college taking a class is the easiest way to go about it. feminism is also a huge area of scholarship so i suggest that once you've built some background in the basics look into where feminism overlaps with issues that you particularly care about so that you don't get lost. to build understanding of key concepts in feminism i'd take a look at **1)** this paper by kimberle crenshaw who coined the term "intersectionality" which is now widely used not just in feminism but in many social justice discussions: *demarginalizing the intersection of race and sex: a black feminist critique of antidiscrimination doctrine feminist theory and antiracist politics* **2)** "the master's tools will never dismantle the master's house" by audre lorde in her book *sister outsider* **3)** f*eminism is for everyone* by bell hooks **4)** any reader from an introductory gender and women's studies college level class. if you become really interested in feminist theory you will realize that many academic feminists always take into account post-colonialism orientalism eurocentrism imperialism transnational feminism etc. these concepts are core to feminist studies. don't be intimidated if you're not familiar with them (take your time to learn what they mean + why they're important) but do realize that understanding these terms will make you realize that feminism is never just about gender - it's about race class ethnicity economics commoditization his(her)story as much as it is about gender. you will realize why feminist history never ever just begins with "first-wave feminism" which is a typical "white feminist" mistake to make. keep an open mind and have fun learning!
0,start with the basics. i suggest reading"delusions of gender" by cordelia fine.
0,truly shocked that nobody has mentioned mary wollstonecraft elizabeth cady stanton susan b anthony sojourner truth ida b wells.....
0,i feel like the best place to start for   historical context might be emma goldman as a lot of her work influenced social justice during the early 1900s.
0,if you're at university i recommend taking women and gender studies classes for the most comprehensive approach. of course school is expensive so if that's not an option... here are some classics:the second sex by simone de beauvour women race and class by angela davis anarchism and other essays by emma goldman sister outsider by audre lorde there are a lot of new feminist books coming out all the time though they tend to be about very specific nuanced topics within feminism like sexual politics bias in the medical industry and the promotion or critique of marketplace feminism- so you might want to save these for after you've gotten a strong foundation. even though some of these books are over 50 to 100 years old you might be shocked by how little the culture has changed and how relevant so many of these issues still are today. 
0,whats shes beautiful when shes angry its a great film about the rise of feminism 
0,i read bell hooks feminism is for everybody a few years into my feminist journey and i wish it had been my first introduction into feminism. it gives a bit of historical context and gives a beautiful analysis of the movement and why its important. lots of love to you on your feminist journey! 
0,an easy place to start is with chimamanda ngozi adichies speech/essay we should all be feminists. from there bell hooks.
0,there's a really great hbo movie about the suffragettes called "iron jawed angels." 
0,jessica valenti - full frontal feminism. and she has a lot of other recent books as well. great for young women on learning why feminism matters.
0,this is awesome! ill be saving a lot of these suggestions as well :) 
0,this may be a later stage for ya but i believe the handmaids tale (both book & show on hulu) is incredibly important in our political landscape. it seems far fetched but if you examine where we are now it doesnt seem like it couldnt happen. 
0,thanks everyone! looks like it will be a long jorney for me but i'm super excited!! please keep add comments for people who is like me :) i gotta go and made a list haha
0,it's awesome you're interested! look at the ted talk called the sexy lie with caroline heldman. it's short and simple and really good to get a basic view of the society :) 
0,i highly recommend watching cnn's documentary *the seventies:* episode 6 "battle of the sexes."  it gives great insight into women's struggle for equal rights during that era. compelling footage and great series!edit: wording.
0,welcome. glad you want to learn. herstory is important.   if the documentary shes beautiful when shes angry is still on netflix watch that. andrea dworkin is a tough but tonic read. i recommend right-wing women particularly the chapter on the promise of the ultra-right.  https://feminist-reprise.org/library/ is a good collection of radical resources. these are favorites of mine but there are other fine recommendations on this thread. you will quickly discover the many strains of thought and lines of fissure. it is an enriching undertaking. good luck.
0,in grad school i took a course called the history of feminism.  it was great for this exact reason.  here are the must reads off the top of my head: - this bridge called my back: writings by radical women of color.  edited by cherre moraga & gloria anzalda.  this is a collection of writings that was published in the 1981 and became one of the cited works in feminist theory. very influential. - gender and the politics of history by joan w scott.  this book is heavy theory on gender and history and is excellent!  it is dense but really good.  there are also lots of you tube conversations with joan w scott.  she is awesome.  
0,also agree on anything bell hooks.  also check out black feminist thought by patricia hill collins if you are interested in this area of feminism.   i quickly learned that the history of feminism has be told through the lens of those in power so its important to seek out writers from marginalized groups.  
0,i would highly recommend the essential feminist reader. it has excerpts from a lot of different texts some of which have already been mentioned here. it's a great starting point because it gives you a general overview of the history of feminism and its big players.
0,there are some great ted talks out there - check out laura bates (founder of the every day sexism website) and then on you tube you can go from there in the "watch next".
0,faces of feminism by sheila tobias. the beauty myth by naomi wolf. the awakening and selected stories of kate chopin. reviving ophelia.
0,a great place to start would be samantha bees hit comedy show full frontal
0,if youre interested in the historic background i highly recommend sisterhood is powerful which is a really good intro to 1960s second-wave feminism with a lot of varied essays that help to show how feminism really expanded past the very suffrage-based first wave
0,the creation of patriarchy by girda lerner is an absolutely perfect way to start. its old its dry but it is packed with so much important information and perspective.   the most fundamental definition of feminism is the belief that women are humans and deserve to be treated this way... a belief in the need for equity between the sexes; politically socially and economically.  women have progressed through history by continuing to say no we arent there yet and not allowing oppression to be defined by those in positions of privilege.  i would like to add this is an intersectional movement.  feminism is just a glorious piece of the human rights movement. feminism must include women of color and transgender women women from all religious and cultural backgrounds. we cannot succeed when half of us are held back.- malala yousafzi
0,watch jessica jones on netflix !
0,you should read something about the relation between feminism and socialism too since feminism is a social struggle (and the bourgeois women are not affected by the problems worker women are exposed). i need to read more about feminism and the working class but i have some texts for example "woman and socialism" by august bebel (1876)  women's suffrage and class struggle by rosa luxemburg (1912)
0,hello! judith butler is a pioneer in feminist critique theory - i suggest you start with gender trouble. good way to get you a perspective on the theory. dual systems feminist theory is also the one i subscribe to the most. 
0,read feminist  mystique and take some women studies courses if you can especially ones dealing with feminism. i am currently in a feminist theory course. 
0,you just need to read "the second feminist wave" by lear (1968)! https://www.nytimes.com/1968/03/10/archives/the-second-feminist-wave.html
0,start by reading more about [how to make birth control greener](http://damsel.typepad.com/damsel/2009/07/please-dont-green-our-birth-control.html) one of the trending topics on twitter right now
0,on the science fiction side id like to suggest anything by sheri s.  tepper. the gate to womens country is a great place to start but really anything she writes is a great way to get a different perspective and enjoy a great read. 
0,for some primary source documents see 'the essential feminist reader' which has [blogs](http://feministreaderreview.wordpress.com) about it also.
0,looking into the sacred feminine and the divine feminine for its historical context is an important first step.
0,for intersectional feminism (eg: feminism) i'd also recommend following some educators on social media and elsewhere. on instagram/fb my favorite is rachel cargle  she has a workshop you can follow about unpacking white feminism/white supremacy. it's about racism but equally about the importance of intersectional feminism (and how to be an intersectional feminist). but there are lots of other educators out there too that you can follow on instagram facebook and elsewhere.
0,i would start with the feminine mystique by betty friedan. &#x200b;this is also an excellent resource:[http://www.sfu.ca/\~wsweb/programs/phdreading.html](http://www.sfu.ca/~wsweb/programs/phdreading.html)&#x200b;it lists essential feminist texts as well as texts specific to different areas of study within feminism.
0,these aren't particularly introductory but some of my favorites are:unbearable weight in a different voice justice gender and the family marriage: a history
0,feminism apparently is a problem (to feminists) but it's just some stupid people who push for equality but think that they're better than others... also theres a youtube channel called "shoe on head" that talks a bit about feminism i recommend the video 36 questions feminists have for men.
0,  here are different kinds of feminism. \***liberal** (disregard gender)  \***radical** (fight male supremacy)fighting male supremacy helps reduce racist oppression   \***marxcist** (who produces and who reaps rewards)sexist oppression is a form of class oppression; women who do more get less                                     rewards  \***socialist** (who is controlling resources)emphasize material and economic inequality talks about class and patriarchy   \***cultural** (retreat to vanguardism)work to build womens culture active on social issues  \***eco-feminism** (patriarchal society exploits resources)draws parallels between treatment of environment animals resources to treatment of women
0,miss representation is an incredible documentary. it really makes you see how women are portrayed in the media. 
0,there are so many good nonfiction recommendations here. but i'd also recommend two fiction works: author yaa gyasi's homegoing and amy reed's the nowhere girls. i am american so these are american-centric but they cover rape culture and racism against africans/african americans/blacks. topics i am very passionate about under the realm. feminism is the cure to many awful things in the world. good luck it'll take a big heart and a long time to "get it."
0,hey! i run a vlog about feminism aimed to educate :) right now im starting off with basic concepts in feminism but as i cover the fundamentals ill delve into deeper topics and my page is always open for discussion if you message me and please do feel free to! heres the link:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc-by xkux gp_-u bkkf crg5t a and the fb page is @that other fwrd
0,i strongly recommend reading kimberl crenshaw's ""demarginalizing the intersection of race and sex: a black feminist critique of antidiscrimination doctrine feminist theory and antiracist politics" and "mapping the margins: intersectionality identity politics and violence against women." crenshaw can give you both a background and critique of 2nd wave feminism. [https://chicagounbound.uchicago.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1052&context=uclf](https://chicagounbound.uchicago.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1052&context=uclf)&#x200b;crenshaw posits that the experience of women is not universal nor is it monolithic; rather experience is affected by race gender religion culture geography etc. what crenshaw did was create space in feminism for all women not just white women. her work has been extremely important to the discipline and to identity politics. happy reading! 
0,the war on women is a great read to tell you about female inequality from around the world - it's a good inspiration for feminism.&#x200b;i'd say feminists: what were they thinking on netflix is a good doc.  also concur with previous suggestions for angela davis' women race and class - great history and rise of feminism for black women.
0,i have found the united nations website to have good resources on gender equality and also the un women website. there are some good resources related to modern feminism. one of the key things i have learned as a feminist when looking at history is to not assume that because someone is a feminist (and has a shared cause) they share the same views and ideals in other areas. their personal and political views and agendas can often be completely different from what one would expect to the point of sometimes being completely opposite. this shows up quite a bit when looking at feminism through the 20th century.
0,i dont have time to read all 500 comments so im not sure if this has been mentioned already. but i really liked estelle freedmans book no turning back. it gave a good history of feminism suffrage and talked about key current issues. 
0,my favourite books are the feminine mystique and bad feminist. for contemporary issues you can look at bust or ms magazine. 
0,kate manne's down girl is great it came out last year; it examines sexism as a mindset misogyny as a patriarchal system of policing women and a lot of points drawn from that. my only complaint is that i hate how modern philosophers write and that doesn't have a lot to do with her.
0,im taking a literature and gender class right now and till today weve studied:a vindication of the rights of woman - mary wollstonecraft subjection of women - john stuart mill a room of ones own - virginia woolf the second sex - simone de beauvoir these texts are (imho) very euro-centric though. they even compare sexism directly to slavery. so i watch out for that but try to take in the relevant bits. 
0,i have a degree in gender and cultural studies. want a list some text books? 
0,i watched this ted talk and thought you would find it interesting. tracee ellis ross: a woman's fury holds lifetimes of wisdomhttps://go.ted.com/cv cz learn more about watching ted talks on all of your favorite platforms: https://www.ted.com/about/programs-initiatives/ted-talks/ways-to-get-ted-talks 
0,have you tried looking at feminist instagrams? i learned a lot - i know it can seem weird coming from a social media sight but my eyes were opened up to so much more thru some profiles on instagram its run by people passionate abt the causes and they are open minded to good criticism when they make wrong conclusions etc etc. :))) hope this helps
0,what sucks about the situation is that people who have it ingrained in them to hate planned parenthood probably stopped reading this post after the first couple sentences.
0,this is why we need planned parenthood. im often shocked but not surprised when people think pp only does abortions the hatred they have for pp is very well ingrained
0,not to mention that pp is critical for a lot of trans people getting their hrt.
0,im shocked anyone would be against this. my country is overpopulated and already has bad health plans. im trying to understand why anyone would fight this? are people against common sense ?
0,i remember getting a ride from my friends mom to pp when i was 16. my parents were/still are evangelical christians so i had to hide it from them. i had pcos and had no other way to access birth control to help control it. the people at the clinic were so kind. as an adult now i donate to that same clinic.
0,also it shouldn't be illegal to pay for abortions with tax money.
0,i don't get this whole hate against people who have different life choices. does it affect me what some other people are doing? no. so why be upset? i just don't get it. and if it is about "my taxes are paying for something i don't like". then people seem to not know what taxes are. ps: i'm not american and don't know much about the tax system there. but taxes in general aren't a service you pay for line an isp or tv channels. they are community money to help the whole community in all kinds of ways that don't always need to be applicable to everyone.
0,i still don't get how if i ask the protestors to leave me alone (specifically me) and they are still there screaming how that is not harassment. you can protest i love protesting but once you start screaming at individual people repeatedly that's no longer protesting and is just abusive. esp people obtaining medical care. i don't see how this doesn't violate my privacy. i don't get how the powers that be claim that nothing can be done. (i do not consider private citizens and political figures with power to be on the same level so go ahead and protest them on an individual basis all you want)
0,do you think god stays in heaven because he too is afraid of what he created?
0,people are so against pp because they preform abortions. what they dont see is how pp probably prevents *so many* abortions. its incredibly hypocritical.
0,what if they re-branded and changed their name to help encompass the fact that they have *so many* different services?&#x200b;they were exceptionally helpful for me to find birthing classes in my town when my own hospital had no options.
0,this is why you americans need universal health care.
0,many people on the pro life side completely support the right of a woman to have an abortion and actually consider themselves feminists.  its the later term baby murders that they have a problem with.
0,there are few things that piss me off as much as the idea of a man being a player and a woman being a slut.
0,this is so important.  amatonormativity should be a feminist issue because it pressures women into relationships that are unhelpful to them makes women devote more time and emotional energy than is best for them to the pursuit or maintenance of romance and keeps women staying in unhealthy relationships when they should leave.  amatonormativity can benefit some men but it emotionally destroys just as many of them.  men lose all their self esteem and believe they're worthless if they can't find a romatic relationship or when a woman breaks-up or divorces them.  it is a toxic cultural attitude that hurts both women and men and it needs to die.
0,if we acknowledge that hijab is a choice for some (and that must be respected) we must also acknowledge the fact that for many women around the world the hijab is mandatory and there are consequences for not wearing it.  look at iran.  a lawyer who peacefully advocated for it to become non-mandatory has been sentenced to nearly 40 years in prison as well as over 100 lashes on her body.
0,i love this a lot now im seeing a ton more each more inclusive we could add a woman in a wheel chair a transgender woman a girl an elder.... options are endless. we can do it
0,i get what this is trying to say but i feel like it's trying to 'correct' the old poster as though it was wrong which it wasn't and i find those kinds of posts annoying.. it's not that they are trying to give a new take on something that bothers me it's that the 'correction' is needless because the old version was not wrong or immoral and the white woman is taken off entirely which in this context is off putting. i think it's the underlined part that seems like a correction. also the grammar is off.
0,we can all do it
0,seriously how do you shit on a post thats positive?  its baffling edit: you
0,could you please link the artist op?
0,its not white supremacist in its intentions but the affects definitely celebrate white women over other women. straight white women were pretty much the only target of this add. this poster started as a celebration/ encouragement for the white women entering the work force when their husbands went off to war. what about black women? they were already in the work force out of necessity before this because they didnt have the privilege to be a  part of a single income household (generally). where was their celebration/encouragement? nothing wrong with privilege as long as you dont throw a fit when those less privileged than you just want equality. i fail to see how this poster is doing anything mean to the first one. you can recognize flaws yet still acknowledge that it was a good and/or necessary starting point and i think this poster does just that. agree to disagree i guess. one thing that remains true is that rosie the riveter is a feminist icon and probably always will be. this poster doesnt take away from that nor is it radical in the slightest.
0,good in theory but this is a little ironic. the hijab is anti-feminist.
0,where did the white lady go ?
0,there is quite an excessive use of caps lock in both the post and the title.
0,i'm not sure there are legal protections in place but at the very least you might have a case for gender discrimination. i assume that "too much is visible" refers to somebody being able to see the shape of your nipples through your clothing. unless your boss is also requiring that men pad their tees so that nobody can tell that anybody has nipples this seems like an unequal expectation for men and women.   maybe approach it from the injury standpoint? let the boss know that what they are asking will cause physical harm to you provide a doctor's note (i'm sure a friendly primary care doc would be happy to support you) smile and tell the boss that you're sure they wouldn't want to be responsible for placing requirements on their employees that cause physical harm.    some legal discussion:[https://www.personneltoday.com/hr/dress-codes-must-women-wear-bra-at-work/](https://www.personneltoday.com/hr/dress-codes-must-women-wear-bra-at-work/)
0,you might want to check r/legaladvice
0,there is likely not a law that specifically would prohibit them from asking you to wear (or not wear) a bra. there is possibly an argument that an attorney could make that it is discriminatory but you would have to go down that route and it can be long and complicated. under title vii of the civil rights act dress codes are allowed and they can be different for the sexes but that does not mean that certain rules cannot be challenged. if in fact you have a shoulder injury that makes wearing a bra difficult (or wearing a bra exacerbates that injury) i would discuss this with your doctor for evidence of the injury and how a bra can make it worse then bring that information to hr. you can also try discussing with hr first why you find it difficult to wear a bra. document the conversation (maybe send a follow up email reiterating what was discussed). then take it from there. be willing to find a compromise if one is possible. i am not a ga barred attorney. if you feel that it is necessary please seek local counsel. most should give you a free consultation (30 minutes or so). it is never a good idea to trust legal advice on the internet.
0,as a fellow bra hater i recommend pasties.  the kind that stick without using actual adhesive.  they are great and cover just the nips which is what they are complaining about essentially. of course this is just my recommendation until you figure out the legality of it all. personally i hate having to wear bras and if it were up to me not wearing one would be socially acceptable in all circumstances. i believe employers are legally permitted to have dress codes for their employees provided they are not descriminatory but each state does vary so sorry i don't know how to answer your question.
0,have you looked at any equalities legislation? if men aren't required to wear bras its sexual discrimination to require women to wear bras.
0,unless its spelled out specifically in your company dress code they cant make you wear one as that would be gender discrimination and isnt a safety issue. honestly theyd have an awfully hard time enforcing it even if it were spelled out as any uniform inspection about requiring a bra would need an inappropriate level of exposure to enforce. kinda like my sister who cheated her way through high school by writing notes on her thighs just under the hem of her miniskirts. even female teachers couldnt ask her to lift her hem to check.
0,to my knowledge i dont think so
0,i hear ya! i've torn a tiny ligament where the collarbone attaches at the chest. there is no bra that doesn't aggravate it. i often use a bra strap on the good shoulder and sports tape my right boob up by going across my chest to the left shoulder. i need a one-boob brace!
0,that's awful i'm not sure about the legalities but fuuck that
0,i would talk to your boss and see if yall can work something out. explain you have a shoulder injury and why you don't want to wear a bra because it is painful for you. perhaps you guys could come to an agreement like maybe you wear an apron when customers are around? i don't think there is a law on the books that you can reference about this because companies can institute dress codes and these dress codes can be different for men and women. however r/legaladvice maybe more helpful.
0,its not ilegall in canada and i think the in the us but its an asshole move from the complainer idk who would go to a manger and tell him your employee need a bra you can leave  the work i suggest because stuff like this are really in the hands of the manger
0,why would someone complain about this
0,just you wait if you start wearing a bra someone will complain that they can see it. 
0,just get some pasties if that's the only issue?
0,i would lean on the side of that they can't force you too unless it's written in some company dress code. i doubt a legal case which would be quick easy or cheap though. i don't know how hot it gets where you are but maybe a vest underneath could help the situation? i suppose it depends on how perky your nipples are but i don't want to get too personal.
0,you should not have to wear a bra to work if you dont want to.
0,georgia is an "at will/right to work state" which really means you can be fired for any reason (or even without reason) so be careful. there's a chance you could try to pursue this through discrimination laws but it would likely be a challenge. maybe you can figure out a compromise otherwise. good luck. definitely check with the legal advice subs though.*this is purely my layman's opinion*
0,that could be a case for gender discrimination if that rule doesn't apply to people who identify as male. bra's are unnecessary and a result of the over-sexualization of breasts anyways.
0,it's called reasonable accommodation. you don't have to wear a 'bra' but you may have to do something to conceal you nipples. my sister works for the sate of indiana and had a similar problem. a second shirt is good in the cooler months for her but she uses nipple caps for summer.
0,don't know the legallity of bra wearing in the workforce and don't know if this is unwanted advice but... sports bras are excellent for women and physical activity! i felt bad you would have to wear a bra at the expense of comfort due to an old shoulder injury at work.
0,meet in the middle. just wear pasties. no bra. no nipples. wouldn't the nipple be the most tell-tale sign of not wearing a bra? idk?edit: a word
0,the short answer is yes in the united states.
0,just wear a damn bra
0,its part of a uniform they decide the uniform
0,awesome video! i'm definitely sharing this one.
0,spartan women held higher power then any other women in ancient greece. they held more political power more control over their reproduction chose whom they married and even ate more then other greek women?
0,wow. i guess sparta did some things right.
0,wikipedia has her birthday as january 6th. looking further into it it's said that "joan herself did not know when she was born as it emerges from her testimony at her trial of condemnation."guess that means today's as good as any other one then.
0,jeanne d'arc would stand just out of crossbow range and yell at the english to surrender or they would all die. after a string of very unlikely victories the english were terrified at this girl claiming visions of the divine. she was independent of any of the aristocratic families and so could sidestep the politics of the era to present common sense or even astute tactics that led to a series of extremely unlikely victories that put france close to expelling the english during the hundred years war. she was a virgin but dressed as a man with that being basically the only thing the english could pin on her during the religious tribunal once she was captured. she was literally executed under the pretense of cross dressing.. after being grilled by loaded questions about catholic doctrine. famously when they asked her if she was in a state of grace she replied:>"if i am not may god place me there; if i am may god so keep me. i should be the saddest in all the world if i knew that i were not in the grace of god. but if i were in a state of sin do you think the voice would come to me? i would that every one could hear the voice as i hear it. i think i was about thirteen when it came to me for the first time."this being important because catholics aren't supposed to say they're in a state of grace. but they needed to kill her under religious pretenses for propaganda purposes. she resisted to the end even if repenting would have saved her life. she never actually fought but she was always on the frontlines. she was injured 4 times one time with an arrow through her neck/collarbone.
0,executed for being a competent and effective leader as is their tradition./s
0,i love the viragos of history
0,nowadays she is a far-right wing icon in france though.
0,i took her name as my confirmation name. 
0,nonbinary peeps be like "lol" and take the elevator.
0,definitely not perfectly. there are so many factors that have an influence on equality gender is just one of them. well-educated woman from a western country has far better chances than a poor man from developing country. and so many other situations and privileges between those two. while this is probably a good reminder to some we can't keep forgetting that the woman in picture has probably had far better opportunities than the majority of world's population.
0,yeah but think of how strong her legs will be when she makes that climb every morning.
0,um aktually woman choose to take the stairs hur dur me smart
0,and neither stairs are accessible to wheelchair users. there might be an elevator i can't see (there probably is) they are still unintentionally making a point about intersectionality.
0,im waiting for the 'okay so the males have escalators but its more narrow for us the women have stairs and they are wider hehe'
0,does anyone else think were minimising a complex social issue into a stereotypical binary problem?  of course theres benefits to being male in terms of privilege but when a woman faces the stairs in this analogy how much of an impact does her race age social status etc. have on their journey?i say that as somebody who 100% consistently minimalists social issues like this to try and prove a point such as why the patriarchy is bad for all.
0,there should also be a down escalator that you must climb up for people of color.
0,i'm just here to watch the incels cry.
0,this post is extremely stupid. this does not highlight any actual problems with society. a woman is just as capable of reacher her goals as a man. instead of upvoting this you should upvote posts that expose true sexism in the world.
0,women have it better than men change my mind
0,but walking up the stairs is faster >_>you also get exercise and escalators are sometimes shut down due to technical issues. stairs are almost perfect in every way except for connivence.
0,false it is more like feminists fighting for inequality
0,this is just dumb but ok
0,i feel like the female staircase should be the narrower one though.
0,lol just take the elevator
0,if it's easier to live as a man then why aren't we seeing millions of women trying to become men? isn't gender just a social construct anyways?
0,tbh its more of an opposite at this point
0,its 2019 you can literally pass as a man with a few prescriptions but wait yall wont do that because you know whats happening to men and you dont want any part of it.
0,thats definitely not the case in the us
0,take the fucking escalator then if you don't wanna walk up the stairs you dumb shit. easy as that.
0,perfectly balanced.... as all things should be
0,honestly in a few years the genders in this picture will be swapped and only a woman will be in the picture the man would be serving rape charges
0,majority of homeless and incarcerated persons are men. men are more likely to die on the job. but go on.
0,imagine unironically believing this
0,your right this is accurate. she struggles when she could have just done it the way the man did it and work for it. there were no escalators for me on my way up. the fuck outta here with this shit.
0,i don't get it
0,this post is kinda a weak attempt
0,this is why you change your gender to male i'm getting my sister to do that
0,as a woman i really dislike blanket generalizations like this as it makes men resent feminism as a whole. instead of picking issues they may agree with we say blanketly subjective things like this which make us all roll our eyes.
0,this is progress because women are the fatter gender.
0,but... stairs are faster...
0,i work in stem and i haven't had a male boss in 9 years.
0,i get that its a bit of fun (i hope its not meant to be a serious take on equality) but this is really problematic  not least because of the analogy.  nope nope nope.
0,not here to argue but can someone explain how females have to work harder to achieve the same things as a male?edit: so rather than actually helping me understand something i dont you just down vote me... kinda ironic
0,wait so i just get to the top by not working at all? only women work?didn't think this through did they.
0,this is america everyone works or their homeless.(mods don't ban i actually want to have a civil arguement)
0,nope it heavily depends on class/race/ability as well. this is far too simplistic and frankly extremely obnoxious.
0,is this the antithesis of the concept of intersectionality?
0,well....not really. it's so far from black and white like that. plenty of women have it easier than men too it just depends on a lot of different factors. should it be just as easy/difficult for both? yes. do women on average have more issues like this than men? yes. but does that mean all men have it this easy and all women have it this hard? no not by a longshot. a more accurate depiction would be a couple hundred sets of stairs for men and women a lot of them escalators for men and a lot escalators for women with most certainly a bit of a higher percentage of escalators for men but not nearly as much as an oversimplification like this would otherwise convey.
0,i don't think we can compare a social issue as complex as this to stairs. just a though.
0,what the actual fuck did i just read? im on the verge of angry tears just now. what is wrong with the fucking world? nay not the world the fucking american conservative far right. human decency? heard of it? bastards.
0,doesn't surprise me. trump wants to protect rapist american troops from persecution. many us troops have committed atrocities against the civilian populations around the world.
0,its shocking but not surprising considering how much of the world but especially the us has been behaving recently 
0,america what the hell is happening over there?
0,this is dumb. what does the resolution imply exactly tho ?i read the article but i'm not sure to understand.
0,yeah it really isn't about a difference in opinion. one side is quite clearly in the wrong.
0,this man is disgusting and immoral.
0,just for the sake of complete accuracy he didnt say the words rape is the will of god. he was asked the direct question is rape the will of god and gave an affirmative non-answer. his response:>	well you know if you read the bible theres actually a couple circumstances where that happened. the lord uses all circumstances. i mean you can go down that path but its the reality unfortunately. so yeah not exactly false but saying he declares and then putting rape is the will of god in quotes isnt totally accurate. ultimately his answer wasnt any better though.
0,so because someone decides to rape it's the will of god. but if you decide to get an abortion that's somehow not the will of god? it's almost like these lines in the sand are drawn arbitrarily based on some old order of power.
0,ya know what else is the will of god? arresting the sob that did it. cherry picking at it's best?
0,will of god? if god is whispering this in your ears seek help.
0,somehow i don't trust this article can we not post obvious bait?
0,that guy looks like the personification of egg salad.
0,i just wanna say on behalf of the catholics that we dont believe that
0,i live in oklahoma but i think ill start packing now
0,as someone from oklahoma i'm sorry so many people here are like this. it's embarrassing and enraging.
0,holy god i cannot believe that a person said that! wtf!?
0,the will of god? pretty sure if there was a god it would be at least moderately anti rape. the nerve of these assholes. i wonder if he'd change his tune if he was the one getting raped.
0,what. the. fuck
0,i am so glad this twat lost his election directly following making these remarks.
0,actually the will of god is to hit bankers with a whip
0,the next time someone asks me why we need feminism im pulling this out
0,i feel like that'd be more from islam
0,im a republican who lurks here every once in a while to see how my opposition thinks. put myself in their/your shoes in a bit. but srsly who the fuck says that rape is gods will lmao
0,im a republican and this is one of the biggest lies i have ever heard
0,funny because republicans also like to condemn immigrants for being rapists.
0,to be fair both parties say dumb things
0,have no democrats raped people or said such things?
0,i agree that this is morally wrong but when feminists rape someone aren't they protected by other feminists?
0,that made me laugh
0,that is your opinion.
0,the belief in the importance of marriage and romantic coupling is one factor.  there are others.  unequal work opportunities for women and unequal childbearing burdens too.  all structural.
0,i know i'm not supposed to expand on the op in the comments but just wanted to highlight two things that i'm looking for an explanation for.1. in amie jones' book she suggests battered women deflect the attention of violent men from the rest of society. as in if a violent man didn't have someone at home to victimize he'd end up going after someone else perhaps a woman who has more people around her who would object to her victimization. her words not mine. i wonder if this holds up or not. in cel comes to mind (the "involuntary celibate terrorist who hit random women with a car because he couldn't get any dates). is jones suggesting there would be way more in cels if all the women with abusive partners could get out right away? that on some level society tolerates the abuse of some women because they believe it keeps other women safe?2. the techniques batterers use to victimize are surprisingly consistent and sophisticated. the same techniques are used in government reeducation camps or with prisoners of war. they know how to make a person question their sanity cut them off from their friends escalate dependency in a very predictable way until the battered person actually loves the attacker. (see the case of hedda nussbaum). where did so many abusers learn how to do this? is this the remains of a more system wide kind of oppression that was practiced more consciously/"officially" in the past? to go back to the racism analogy under jim crow there were all these widespread practices that added up to create an oppressive environment. there would have been a "curriculum" of sorts among whites to train them to keep that system going. and there was backlash if a white person didn't do their part to hold it up. so.... is there a parallel to that with domestic violence?
0,i'm by no means an expert on this matter but as a social work student i learned a feminist perspective on domestic violence and it was very enlightening. basically in a patriarchal society women are subordinate to men and violence is used to continue to enforce this discrepancy.   obviously like all theories it is not perfect but it's definitely worth a quick read to see if it answers some of your questions.
0,i think that there isnt a portion of society held up by domestic violence. other than emergency services in which you could then by that logic say that all crimes uphold this section of the workforce. however i can give this: my theory is that since most of the time males are physically bigger more imposing and more into some stereotypical manly things that could support physical abuse (i.e bodybuilding drinking etc.) this is why i think that the counterpart to the male physical abuser is the female mental abuser. keep in mind im not an expert but i think men have the unfair expectation from society that they cant cry and frankly society sees a man getting abused by a female as embarrassing on the males part. this either creates one of two things: the mental fortitude to push through or something worse which could be them staying in that relationship without reaching out for help or teaching their so that this is not ok. of course there are exceptions to every rule (i.e smaller males bigger females mental/physical conditions etc.) probably not in line in this sub but have my take :).
0, ***update***:noah spielman kyler kregel and samuel te bos all pleaded guilty to misdemeanor battery and were sentenced to one year of conditional discharge requiring them to each pay a $250 anti-crime fee and complete 100 hours of public service  including 25 hours of speaking to youths about the dangers of hazing the [**daily herald**](https://www.dailyherald.com/news/20180716/former-wheaton-college-football-player-pleads-guilty-in-hazing) reports.james cooksey pleaded guilty this july to a misdemeanor count of attempted unlawful restraint and was sentenced to one month of court supervision.benjamin pettway is expected to stand trial early next year. this sentencing seems extremely light.  i'm amazed anyone does hazing at any level in this day and age but the fact there is no jail time is sickening.
0,i'll be anticipating protests from the mra's concerning this miscarriage of justice. oh wait....
0,im so fucking sick of jocks (i.e. any man) getting away with rape and assault. we live in a sick society run by sick twisted men. the patriarchy must end.
0,all rapists and people who do this type of humiliating sexual torture should be destroyed. we do not need people like this in our society. they are useless.
0,i dont want to live on this planet anymore
0,i'm originally from that town and i know the college well. i'm not surprised these boys are going unpunished. the whole point of attending wheaton college is to go from the hateful cradle of evangelism in which your parents raised you straight to an insular environment where you remain totally brainwashed. when you're admitted they make you sign a contract that until recently forbade "social dancing" a la footloose. it's a totally regressive environment promoting only the most hateful dogma. intellectual curiosity is discouraged. the ideal mental age for the students there is forever 15 especially the girls. unplanned pregnancies are common among the students. i'm pretty sure they expel them for it. so basically that place is disgusting in every way.
0,they kidnapped and raped/tortured someone and that's all they fucking get?
0,just another story about white boys getting away with violating another humans rights. i have to ask what can we do to stop this from happening? it seems like the laws we have punish rapists aren't enough
0,a bunch of football players beat and pushed a kid down the stairs and only one kid was suspended for it the rest had no punishment at all
0,i genuinely can't fathom this
0,me reading this title: oh man theyre actually getting punished for this horrible thing they did. oh.
0,this is fucking disgusting.
0,i remember seeing this story on some local news website after it happened (or after it made it's way outside the school walls anyhow).  the article detailed literally everything included in this one but never once described it as rape.  i left a comment pointing that out and my comment was scrubbed within a half hour.  i fucking hate this country.
0,> christian college this is gonna be bad.> punished football players who raped and beat a student oh thank god they didn't just get away with it.> with an 8-page essay*they deserve that many years in jail.*
0,thatll teach em
0,i just finished 'missoula: rape and the justice system in a college town'by john krakauer which i recommend. it's a good but absolutely infuriating book about college rape and ensuing injustice.
0, this survivor will have to live with the trauma from kidnapping assault and sexual assault. a slap on the wrist was not even what the perpetrators got. it was a pinch. but that's all good!
0,its sad our society have a lot of scummy people like this even today seeing things like this happen really is destroying my faith in humanity every day
0,i don't want to believe this is real. what's wrong with society?
0,look at the guy in the middles smile tho
0,thought the headline meant that they literally beat the student with a 8 page essay so i thought "good they got punished" and a few seconds later i realised the punishment was actually the 8 page essay. assholes why did they get let off so easily?
0,are they going to beat him with it? make him get papercuts on every corner? force him to spell it backwards? because otherwise it's not a punishment.
0,i wish i could say i was surprised. i reported a hazing incident done by the varsity football team to my high school's social worker and it was completely swept under the rug. i'm not surprised at all. i want to throw up right now
0,local sports stars get off easy  not surprisingly.
0,why is this on the feminist page
0,i've seen girls fight harder on a first date.
0,sorry white women this is the price of maintaining white supremacy  white males get impunity against you too. yea i know it feels good being able to call the cops on black people at dog parks whenever you want but it's a double edged sword you see?you can't eat your cake and have it.
0,\^"andrea dworkin insisted her writing was about women but it was about men: what they do why they do it and which lies they use in their defense. women couldnt be subjects only faceless victims."
0,do you want free welfare or what? quit asking for money and get a job
0,abortion is immoral change my mind.
0,well my third world islamic country have legal aportion lol u people are weird
0,the writer is a moron. period.
0,this relationship isn't healthy you both resent each other and neither of you are going to change. split up get a few counselling sessions/ therapy sessions to help you cope with it all and move on. there are better men in the world who you don't have to fight with about respecting you.
0,honestly if i were in your position id just dump him. my ex was very similar to your boyfriend and the relationship just wasnt beneficial to either of us anymore.
0,even the best men frequently don't realise how sexist some of their words and behaviour can be. they've been surrounded by an echochamber of sexism for most of their lives. the good ones will listen when you point it out and then work on it. don't bother with the ones who don't.
0,i think you know that youre not wrong.
0,good for you for telling him how you feel. it's scary but even when it doesn't go how you wanted it to it's still rewarding to know  you can do it. i'm glad it went well this time.
0,take a look at this comic. it discusses emotional labour and i think highlights a few of the things you are talking about here.https://english.emmaclit.com/2017/05/20/you-shouldve-asked/
0,girl why are you with this dead weight? youre his mom and his gf? and he manipulates you making you feel guilty for being you? f that noise
0,sounds like a dude i couldn't spend prolonged time in one room with how does he feel all that is okay to say and do?
0,as others have said it is likely your relationship should come to an end. there is a very narrow path where your boyfriend actually goes through with some feminist therapy which will take immense dedication on his part and actually implements the changes that are important to you. then the relationship might be preserved. either way i would recommend some counseling for yourself. either way it sounds like you would also benefit from some individual counseling. you acknowledge you have difficulty communicating your needs and expectations and whatever relationship you end up in this is a crucial skill.
0,currently on the road so i might add some more specific stuff later but the underlying problem here appears to be that he does not actively invest in your relationship and shows a willingness and commitment to take on a fair share of labour when not belittled or told to. the only parts he appear prepared to invest in are the parts he find pleasing or gratifying on an instant- and personal level rather than recognizing that a relationship require a lot of maintenance logistics and labour that is not "fun". all your examples are ways he could show effort and investment that he does not. every specific thing does not have to split 50/50 but as a whole it should be split fairly and as a whole both sides need to show investment engagement and effort towards the other. currently you do way more and get way less back. that is something that can break a person longterm his sexism is very classic in terms of unfair division of unrecognised/unpaid labour (key is to include mental labour and initiative in this as well). but the core of it is unreasonable expectations that a relationship should be all play and no work from his end of the stick. failure to see his flaws and attempt improvement by blaming outside factors (or you) rather than seeing his part is a typical defence mechanism that is hard but necessary to work past on his side. besides constructive/open-minded conversations and possibly therapy i'm not sure there is much you can do about that problem of his. it might be impossible for him to get there given the context or maybe it's possible. either way don't sell yourself short.
0,as a man many of these "seeming not sexist" acts have underlying sexism ingrained. exception is #7 unless you also go shopping eith him for suits & do not enjoy it. but yeah this is a problem we have with societal sexism. the finding boobs attractive vs what you find attractive is a huge one.
0,a lot of this strikes me as both of you being young and learning how to have a relationship but a lot of it is learned sexist behavior on his part. just because he can unlearn it doesnt mean you have to put up with it. its not your job to fix him. whats key is that you apparently dont trust him and more often than not dont like the way he makes you feel. that alone is grounds to end any relationship.
0,like others have said you're not wrong and i'm seeing some massive red flags here for manipulative behavior. he was mean to you to see what he could get away with and yes if you forgive him and take him back even with conditions he's getting away with it. if you two get married it'll get even worse. please get out now and find someone who is willing to respect you at a fundamental level. it may take a while but you need to be willing for as long as it takes (which is the hard part as we all get lonely). good luck op.
0,youre not wrong. hes being rude and dismissive of you. id say leave him and work on expressing yourself discovering yourself so when you do find someone you might want to start a relationship with you can communicate well with each other.
0,sounds like you're dating a child. i think we both know you need to throw the whole man away.
0,if ya'll want to stay together go to couples therapy. it isn't just for married couples entrenched with kids. it's for any couple that needs to work on things. see a therapist together and apart. second the words that keep jumping out at me are "lazy". he's lazy lazy lazy. he says so himself. my guess is he's not lazy it's just easier for him to let *you* do all the work. he might be sorry and mean it but until he actually changes...they're just words.
0,your boyfriend using things you confided in him about to hurt you is definitely a deal breaker and you should break up. don't fall for the sunk cost fallacy. i also don't think that you should be doing all the cooking and cleaning if you don't want to.  but that's something you need to communicate effectively and come to an agreement on with any partner. i can relate to you. my dad was the "i'll give you something to cry about" type and was physically abusive to me sometimes especially if i showed any emotions he didn't like. i was bullied a lot in highschool and that's when i learned to shut up and just deal with everything with silence. i became very nonconfrontational and didn't speak up for myself. i have made it my goal to get over that and have been making progress. i have noticed for me there is a point where i'm actually deciding to keep quiet and just deal with it and i have been getting better at recognizing that and going against it when i should stand up for myself. it's scary but it has gotten easier with time. hopefully that works for you. don't be afraid to walk away from an issue and take some time to think about what you want to say. also writing out what you want to say in a letter form works too in relationships. good communication is one of the hardest parts of a relationship to figure out and it changes from person to person. that being said i don't think any communication fixes will change this relationship he betrayed your trust by using what you told him against you.
0,you're not wrong and honestly no dude is worth the mental gymnastics you are putting yourself through here. he sucks. you're young and you barely see each other anyway. dump him and enjoy your life.
0,get the hell outta there asap
0,going against the grain here but i don't think he's fundamentally sexist. he sounds complacent and lazy and definitely shows sexist behaviours but just needs to grow up. reddit commenters are quick to say "dump him" but that is extreme. all of these issues can be worked through with good communication.
0,i feel like at some points you are overreacting which is probably due to your past trauma but he is also at fault at some points. i think you should either really start communicating with each other and resolving your problems or just leave it because it's not worth it to have a relationship if you're constantly arguing. maybe you're not the perfect match and should work on resolving your issues separately but you're the one that has to decide if the good in the relationship outweighs the bad or vice versa.
0,sexist or not you shouldnt put up with this. as im seeing it he has issues that he might notice but doesnt seem to do anything about it. i used to be with someone who would let me do all the work in the relationship because he was lazy he said and even though i liked him a lot and i have known him for a long time i had to let him go because i just wasnt happy in this relationship. if youre always the one complaining its not because you make a big deal out of things you shouldnt its because you care about these issues and he doesnt. it might have to do with sexism it probably has to do with other things but you dont have to continue doing all the work. when youre a mom to him its a sign hell stay in that relationship because its easy and even if he does like you youll exhaust yourself. i dont know anything more than what youve written but from the little i know ill suggest you get out of this before it gets worst and really hurts you even more
0,but how is he actually sexist? i mean he doesnt think he is better than you so if he genuinely tries he could stop with his behaviour that you feel uncomfortable with.
0,a lot of people telling you that he is abusive but i really can't see that but also you are the only one  here that can really judge this. from what i read he accepted blame and didn't belittle you or straight up told you you were wrong for feeling this way you didn't agree on the term (sexist or not) but you agreed that his behavior was wrong and in this specific case i don't see how discussing semantics could possibly be of any significant importance to the problem solving. also keep in mind that (sexist) behavior is often learned and not chosen we all show sexist behavior even if we think we are not. i have a hard time judging if his apologies are sincere and if he shows signs of caring and betterment. he said some dumb shit but hell i said a bunch of dumb and insensitive shit that i am truly sorry for myself and so did my bf sometimes out of anger sometimes bc we didn't think sometimes we took joking too far but this certainly isn't how we treat each other on a regular basis our relationship is still defined by our kindness to each other. it wasn't always like this though. most of your problems can be talked out that doesn't mean that you have to win every argument sometimes you will disagree like with the groceries but you can certainly demand that he at least keeps his opinion to himself since it upsets you and there is nothing to gain for him. if you don't want to cook all the time you don't have to he can either learn to cook by helping you for an example or he can order food for those days but if you only care bc you think it is sexist than i don't think it makes sense to change the current arrangement. it certainly is important to share the workload but this doesn't mean everyone has to do exactly 50% of each chore. you are also mentioning things that happened back in high school is this still really relevant to his behavior now?
0,try posting this to r/amitheasshole for a objective answer.
0,the first step was putting this all out there. at least now he knows and will try to make it better if he cares. i'd be careful calling some of this stuff sexist though. some men with the best feminist intentions are just too lazy to actually live the values. like doing their fair share of chores. i had a similar heart to heart with my husband over chores and equality a couple years back. he surprisingly agreed with me that i did do most of the house work and now he helps a lot more. it's still not what i would consider a completely equal balance but it is much closer than it used to be and he's kept up with it for a couple years now. as for when he was asking about your plans after college i really think he was trying to gauge what kind of a future you wanted with him. it probably hurt him that you only talked about your career plans and didn't mention how he fit into your future after college. plus he could be thinking about kids and marriage and wanted to see if you were thinking about any of that.
0,> he does have bad memory but the thing is i am not really a talker so i expect him to remember stuff. that sentence isn't a good starting point for a good argue. my parents do this all the time. don't go hard on unspoken expectations in a team. a chain is only as resistant as the weakest unit. it seems that you (plural) have a large experience difference. talk more and explain to each other why you hate certain situations. make your mind strong and help your friend. take my advice with a grain of salt. i am not a native as you probably noticed so your local arguing culture might be different from my experience and that could've lead to false assumptions by me.
0,he seems to me he has a pretty set idea about gender roles. hes not outright sexist but hes grown up in an environment that bred these ideas about what women do and what men do. he really isnt doing anything consciously but also isnt aware of how his behavior is problematic. if you decide to stick with him make him aware of his behavior and how it is toxic and try help him unlearn his pre-conceived notions.
0,i really disagree with people who come out with "just break up with them". obviously if they have a huge red flag you have to get out of there but as others have pointed out men are hugely unaware of women's issues and often it is a non-malicious but unfortunate oversight. it can also be upsetting to wake up to the fact that you're probably inherently sexist all your life and hard to come to terms with that so i would allow a little bit of time to come around and then see will they start trying to see your side/having more sympathy with women's issues.  the impression i've gotten from your post is that communication is a big issue and so if you feel like you are being as transparent as possible and giving him every chance and he still doesn't get it maybe then it's time to nope the fuck out of there. it is unfortunate that he's trying to deny the sexist elements to his thinking though. trust your gut you're the only person here who knows what's going on between the two of you. but i can definitely say you're not wrong in your thinking. hope things work out for you regardless.
0,honestly most of it just sound like bad personality traits. i feel like he doesn't respect you and is just super lazy and not willing to learn. i understand that he doesn't like doing something he is uncomfortable (cooking) but he refusing to learn is just not acceptable. if you going to keep this up you end up cooking for him until the day he dies. try to give him small task like cutting onions/meat and then slowly show him how to season things. just laying around and watching you clean makes me angry af. make a cleaning agreement (he bathroom you kitchen or whatever) and just kick his butt until he does. he not listening when you tell him something is just.. bad. this is a super long list of reasons to break up especially since you have a lot of bad "reactions" from him already. is it really worth it staying together if he already doesn't want to improve? some of the stuff is feminist relevant some just show me that he is a bad person/had noone growing up showing him how to get shit together. really rethink if this relationship is worth fighting for.
0,you're too young to waste your time on this guy. maybe you two would be better off as just friends. you can't change people he's going to have to learn this lesson on his own. people will change on their own. maybe later on he'll tell you that you're right. it sounds like you both are unhappy in this relationship. i would leave if i were you.
0,as a woman that has been in a similar situation most of this sounds like normal relationship stuff. one thing i will say is don't clean for him. he was raised differently than you and expecting him to just pick stuff up and clean is going to cause resentment. you need to be patient and lower your expectations of his behavior. no one is perfect and you are both learning your roles in the relationship. men not all but many tend to not be as in tune with emotion as logical thinking. they don't think that by not cleaning and you cleaning is disrespectful or rude it's not their fault they just don't see it that way. the fact that he is admitting to being lazy is at least him acknowledging that he is not pulling his weight. he knows this but is lazy because you enable him by doing it for him. communicate with him and tell him you would like him to clean his space if he wants you to.come over. if he doesn't know how to cook you can teach him. he may not feel as confident about doing it and needs some guidance not being babied. so be patient. the fact that he cleans and gets the groceries is him doing what he can so appreciate that instead of being ungrateful as not all men do this. if you want him to maintain his cleanliness tell him to do so for you to enjoy sex more. men are driven more by sex because that will provide them with offspring where as women are more focused on a compassionate man who will be a good father figure on-top of health. there is nothing wrong with this we evolved to be this way. if there is something in the future that is bothering you write it down and find a way to communicate about it without being accusatory. there is more i could say but i'll do my best to summarize. you are both learning how to be each other's partner and a normal healthy part of relationships developing is to butt heads a little. you need to be able to pick your battles because not every little thing is a point for contention or accusation. you might very well be somewhat passive aggressive so be aware of how you are reacting to his behavior. it takes two to argue so if he is acting defensively or your are coming at it emotionally then you are going to fight. defensiveness never works but pushing someone all the time with your expectations will make him feel as though he can never do right by you. i would advice against just breaking up with him as others have mentioned because regardless of who you date you will have identical problems and leaving them isn't always the answer. he isn't behaving great but he isn't being horrible either. your behavior isn't great but it isn't horrible. you both are playing a part of disagreeableness. so taking a step back writing down what you are thinking and feeling and taking the time to come together without being emotional will help solve some of these problems. instead of coming at it from a mentality of i don't like this you need to stop come at it from i am experiencing negative affects from this behavior how can we come together and compromise about these issues. the point is you both want to be heard and understood. you both don't want to be criticized or talked down to and want to be treated with respect. take the time to be patient and think long before approaching a subject. i see a lot of promise and you both are still very young and are still developing. you both are still learning your roles in society and how you want to behave so the expectations need to meet that. if he is willing to discuss this and work on it he is a good partner even if it takes time as all things do. he could be an individual who denies your feelings doesn't apologize doesn't help with the dishes or groceries doesn't do anything in regards to his appearance but it sounds like he wants to make you happy and he doesn't want to let you down. be patient lower your expectations and don't do things for him and get mad because he didn't do it. if you're cleaning ask him to help or ask him to clean up his stuff. be patient with yourself to and take the time to calm down before approaching a situation. the reason why i keep repeating these things is because they take a while to learn. long distance relationship are hard i had one with my husband before we married where we wouldn't see each other for 5 months or more but we would talk every day. it will get easier but the headbutting isn't over. wish you both a good day
0,it sounds like you barely see each other and when you do you are arguing the entire time. taking a relationship from high school into college is tough. definitely break up with him and move on experience some more things! you are young and he is not the only guy out there.
0,i have had very similar conversations with my boyfriend. weve been together for almost 7 years now and still every once in a while i find that his behavioural patterns or the things that he says indicate that deep down he has a hierarchy in his mind about feminine and masculine things and so about women and men. the difference between being a rapist and doing sexist things is that sexism is taught at all levels of education and media creation and is sort of a brainwashing of a person. i myself still show some sexist underlying assumptions (mostly about men) and i work on recognizing them deconstructing where i got that impression from and then changing my perspective on the person. i point it out to my boyfriend when i recognize something like that in him and he also gets really defensive. its a normal reaction  sexism is a bad thing and youre telling the person who loves you that theyre doing a bad thing  its natural for them to feel like youre calling them a bad person. its a delicate conversation. it has a lot of forward progress and backward sliding continuously. youre trying to separate the person from the society and thats very difficult because in a lot of ways we are our society. the best thing for me has been a lot of gentleness compassion and patience. accept the backsliding but dont stop calling it out. accept the defensiveness but dont back down. dont attack him personally but dont sugar coat that hes the one who is doing these things. honestly its difficult to convey this in a little comment. but this work that youre doing with your boyfriend its a microcosm of the work were trying to do in wider society. were trying to get people to confront their underlying ideologies and recognize where they are lacking so that they may be improved. its a very draining painful and stressful exercise. the best way to succeed is to have someone we trust and respect guide us along the way. so at the end of the day... does your boyfriend respect you? does he look up to you in any way? because if he doesnt then you will not have much success unfortunately. not to mention that it wont make for a very good long term relationship :/good luck friend. make sure hes the one you want to be spending all this energy on. its a never ending commitment.
0,points 4 and 5 are sexist behaviour but i'm not sure about the rest. you and your boyfriend sound like you may have run your course. one the one hand you may be expecting too much of him but at the same time he's got to be prepared to compromise too. cooking cleaning grooming would be a good start. make up shopping and painting your nails definitely seem to me a bridge too far. i can understand how he was offened by being called sexist. only the very worst people are proud of their sexist / racist /homophobic behaviours. being called out on these behaviours can be hurtful though necessary.
0,repeatedly wronging you after apologizing is the classic cycle of abuse. telling you that you shouldnt feel a certain way after youve worked up the courage to share something thats bothering you is gaslighting. hes sexist and also unwilling to consider any viewpoint other than his own on the issue and obviously ready to lash out at you for just speaking your mind. none of this is healthy. i would end things with this guy and find someone who respects you as a person.  i know how much this sucks. good luck and good on you for trying to communicate these problems with this doofus.
0,you've got enough to deal with you can't possibly take care of this man-child and pursue your goals. i've been in relationships like this and the guys always play the victim. you need to handle yourself. break up with him focus on fixing yourself and healing from the past. you're too young to waste your previous time on him.
0,oh boy boy boy. i \[f 27\] was in a relationship like this when i was your age. all of this is bringing me back. started dating when we were 17 stayed together until i broke up with him just before my 21st birthday and i am *so glad* that i did. you'll be a happier person a nicer person a more positive person have better self worth etc. if you end this.   find someone who will treat you as an equal and is worth your time. anything else is a major waste of life.
0,you are 21 and going through all this misery so many good comments so far. just want to throw in another get out get out now. this is a live and learn moment. this is a time to go and figure out who you are moment. stop trying to fix this broken relationship and go enjoy your life.
0,i dont think youre in a very good relationship you could either break up or try to resolve things. but judging how much of an ass your boyfriend is hed probably wont take it well. also you probably shouldnt take your boyfriend shopping he probably hates it. if you get a new partner dont take them shopping unless they want to. they would probably hate it too at least from my experience.
0,looks like youre just uncompatible
0,i really think this is the wrong sub to post. r/amitheasshole is good for this. with a title like this and on this sub im just assuming you are trying to assure yourself you are right without reaching a more diverse demographic.
0,wow- i am saying this with the best possible intent- i don't think you should be in a relationship with anyone right now. i think you have a lot of issues in your own personal life and in your approach to sexism and equal rights. your boyfriend gets a lot of shit wrong but you seem to be in a place where you are just gathering and storing each little thing and mashing it all together to create one huge issue. there are a few things that highlight this-**you got upset because he forgot you had seen a movie.** i (a woman) do that all the time.**you are upset because you cook and he does the dishes**. that seems like a perfect deal if he doesn't know how to cook. if he was being sexist he would revert to the age old twat joke about women and kitchen sinks. i think you need to figure some shit out on your own because it seems like you yourself are projecting some of your childhood trauma onto him. good luck.
0,i don't think there's anything wrong with a partner not wanting to paint your nails or wanting to go bra/makeup shopping (as i get older i get more vocal about not doing things i don't want to do just for the sake of appeasing my partner and i wouldn't want to force them to do things they don't enjoy for the sake of appeasing me either i have friends for that) or thinking that certain ingredients are better than others. there's also nothing sexist about it. i would definitely be concerned about him pouting when you don't want sex though and he should help you clean. but if you cook and he shops/cleans up......that's also not sexist.
0,sexist or not why would you want to date this person? im sure there are plenty of people who share his positive qualities that also are not assholes. honestly girl youd probably be better off on your own.
0,he sounds like a dick stop ackin like a clown and leave him lol
0,your writing ability clearly shows your way too smart for this dude. dump the guy and move on. your super young and have an amazing life ahead of you you dont have to drag his sorry ass around too.
0,are you serious 21? 7. and 8. are so ridiculous it makes me not believe anything you say.
0,i'm gonna be honest you shouldn't stay in that relationship. there's a whole lot of reasons why but don't misunderstand i'm not saying it's all his fault in fact i think you're the reason why your relationship is deteriorating. he's being a regular guy and you're assuming things about his actions that you aren't even confirming somehow you make yourself believe that he has this scheme to knock you down to make you less of a human being because you're a woman when in reality he'll just get annoyed like a guy and respond like a guy and you'll slide in an undertone of sexist thoughts he might've had during the time and then it stacks up down the road which you started stringing together. to be blunt you keep jumping to conclusions which you aren't confirming which is causing a back lash on him because he genuinely doesn't try to be sexist and you assuming he's being sexist is like tying the noose to your relationship stop thinking negatively and just move on. p. s. you don't have to take this seriously this was from the perspective of an inexperienced guy that had to deal with people calling him sexist/toxic/racist on a weekly basis so by all means ignore this if you think it's only going to screw things up
0,its not going to solve everything but i think getting to know her better would be a good first step. this may help you to understand her as a person which will hopefully help to put your mind at ease. good luck
0,just because someone has tomboyish characteristics doesn't mean they are gay. fuck off buzzfeed
0,as an ex muslim who live in egypt islam is cancer especially for women even if i cannot get out of my  country you westerns can stop this before it takes over your country
0,the "good on you" app is a great resource for anyone looking to buy ethically sourced clothing. they ran a similar article to this one
0,in 2017 female doctors were paid an average of $105000 less than their male counterparts: https://money.cnn.com/2018/03/14/news/economy/gender-pay-gap-doctors/index.html this 2018 article breaks down the gap by field in engineering (spoiler alert: men out-earn women in every one): https://alltogether.swe.org/2018/04/pay-gap-in-engineering/"the truth seems to be that once relevant confounding factors are accounted for male and female ceos earn similar compensation" according to this 2018 paper: https://corpgov.law.harvard.edu/2018/04/21/is-there-a-gender-gap-in-ceo-compensation/all of the above were on the first page of google results when searching for "female male wages [occupation]". it took me less than a minute total to find all three of those articles. in addition to the above you can check out the us census for more info on the wage gap by occupation: https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/industry-occupation/median-earnings.html interestingly enough the 2017 data for that table does show that the average female ceo makes 74.7% of what their male counterpart makes. i didn't read much of the last article i linked so i am not sure of what the "relevant confounding factors" are that they are alluding to.
0,no one can read this
0,the truth reveals itself
0,do you have any info if this is the case in countries in western europe?
0,any sources to show examples that people of different genders in the same profession/company make more/less?google after reviewing found that it paid women paid more than men but no none talks about that just pointless complaining.
0,did you mean conquer? well if they do manage to reach the summit then that's another 2 females added to the list of people that have climbed mt. everest which is a huge accomplishment. but the point about woman wearing white clothes no jewellery and eating only veg meals is terribly wrong. these are all traditions of brahmin and other ethnic groups living in the hills and terais but definitely not people like sherpas who live in the north. the actual practice is that woman wear white clothes and no jewellery on the year that her husband died while the immediate family will not celebrate any festivals that year and no have salt during the mourning period which is 13 days.
0,i'm not sure how i feel about this...
0,who's the one that's not kylo ren?
0,so basically you're using two very very terrible people to convey your argument on why dudes are bad and they aren't even real.
0,if i were in your situation i'd send him a message explaining why this is hugely problematic for you and see how he responds.  if he respects you at all or has any sense of empathy he might get it. he may apologise and work to be better - a surprising amount of people have this hugely reactionary mindset when faced with what they call 'pc' culture (or being a decent human being) with no context for how it actually impacts people to act like that. if he respects you that context may help.  if it doesn't help i'd tell him that you can't maintain the a friendship with him because his mindset is one that makes women feel unsafe and it's not something you can ignore.  though full disclosure - i'm a guy so my approach may not address some of the concerns a woman with lived-in experience might have of this.
0,as an american man who once had similar attitudes on rape jokes i would echo what someone else said in this thread and just tell him how it makes you feel. there is a culture that trivializes rape and it's hard to see it in that more serious context if you aren't taken out of it and put a human face to it. it sometimes just takes someone talking to you about these things to make you look at them from a different perspective. see how he reacts. it may not be immediate and you will have to weigh out how important the friendship is to you and the work it will take to change his views against the the hit your mental health will take to do so. that said i think it's worth it. people can and do change. they sometimes just need a little help.
0,i would bring it up to him. i would ask is saying you would rape a person something you would consider a compliment? i am very curious what his answer would be. we need to speak up in these instances or nothing will ever change. he needs to know you are upset by it and why. he needs to be told. if we lose friends for standing up for what is right so be it.
0,not to be pedantic but the increased ability of women to stand up for themselves *does* mean "norms" have changed. "norms" are not the same as rights; a "norm" just refers to a shared social reference point often identified and critiqued from a perspective of moral interest. so where norms are wrong ethicists (such as feminists) try to *shift* norms such as the way that the standards for acceptable behavior in the workplace have shifted dramatically over the last few generations.
0,honestly being touched is so jarring. i am a man and it happens less than once a month but it always shocks me when someone puts their hand on my shoulder or grabs my arm to grab my attention. i can only imagine it happens 100 fold more for women and the belly rubbing of a pregnant woman is beyond rediculous.
0,joe biden gang
0,the amount of convos ive had lately with 'feminist' women who are 'sad no one is allowed to be affectionate anymore' and that 'we can't even hug our children these days' has driven me to the brink.
0,biden is a creep and whoever has his back is no better!
0,being touched inappropriately can essentially be a micro aggression that implies its mine if i want it. so gross and a complete violation of human rights.
0,yep for both sexes.
0,nah man. in this world it is my job that flies out the window whenever i carelessly touch a member of the opposite sex
0,and be branded a sex offender the rest of your life* and instantly lose your career path* and be made an outcast of society*
0,social norms have changed. not a lot but they have you cant hit women anymore verbal disrespect isnt acceptable anymore can i go on or do i get stopped by the woman extremists in this subreddit?
0,touching females without permission isnt a social norm today
0,but they have changed womens' privacy and rights have become more respected also y'all need to realize that most sexual assault cases are either misunderstood or the girl just got really drunk and used rape as an escape. rape still happens and it's terrible just less frequently than it's being portrayed.
0,no one thinks that touching people without consent is okay if it is in any way sexual but tappning somone on the shouldef or arm happens equally to both genders and is equally annoying to respective parties so i think perhaps this one you guys should just drop.
0,what is gray area sex? a woman either consents at a given point in time or she doesnt. i dont mean that to come off as accusatory but you could you clarify that? it would seem like the options are:1. the person consents2. they dont consent3. they later withdraw consent which is the same as #24. they consent under false pretenses which is the same as #2are you talking about the legal aspect because that i could sort of see as a gray area in regards to a guilty/innocent verdict. a lot of times guys get off despite a ton circumstantial evidence because he-said/she-said doesnt meet beyond a reasonable doubt. thats a sort of gray area but even then the encounter itself seems black and white to me the evidence is the only issue. youre liable to get more responses if you elaborated a bit more on what constitutes a gray area for the purposes of your research. good luck with your project
0,i know some shit
0,you didn't say it explicitly but i think it's worth pointing out: around the same time as elektra and catwoman coming out we got the terrible daredevil and fantastic four movies both of which starred mostly male superheroes. no one however looked at how poorly these movies did and said "well it looks like male leads just aren't profitable." this is such a ridiculous double standard.
0,when i was a kid i hated all movies with women as leads and tv shows and it was hard for me to say why. people would tell me its because it hated women but it wasnt. now that im older the reasons you give above are what i couldnt articulate as a child - the women were made for men. the sexy outfit skin tight clothes normally obsessed with a man and always seemed to have no female friends because they are so much better than them. the modern films and tvs with women stars and stories are amazing and i love them! im looking forward for the next generation of womens tv with women in mind!
0,thank you for taking the time to write this post. i loved wonder woman (havent seen captain marvel yet but i hope to soon) and i was quite unfamiliar with the issues around brie larson. very informative and incredibly unbiased post. well done and thank you again .
0,i was quite interested by the extract from a recent interview with brie and chris which seemed to create a lot of drama on twitter because she was really snappy with chris about a joke i believe. i've seen quite a few extracts that try to put brie in a bad light and i feel like it's been a more subtle attempt by people to try once more to give an overly negative view of brie which i don't like.
0,i think susan sarandon bases her ideas on the theory of inertia; that if we get more women in movies and in these roles it will snowball.
0,people don't like captain marvel because carol danvers was not a hopeless woman who needed a man like they make most female leads. get with the times folks women are now being cast the same as men and it fucking rocks
0,i hate to say this but while there is a lot of focus on the whole captain marvel fiasco and i dont doubt for a second that people may dislike the movie because of a female lead i highly doubt thats why it got so much hear. because if it did alita: battle angel would be a failure for the same reason but it didnt fit passes with flying colors. and as someone who lurks in both right and left wing circles to see what both sides are saying most right wing groups have no problem with alita. the political message that brie larson sent through pr before the films release while what i personally think that its why the film was so disliked pre-reveal. is a completely different matter that im not going to get into. unfortunately from what ive heard as well as what the rotten tomatoes audience score is saying. alita was also a better movie in general. i feel like captain marvel has blown up an issue that was on its way to being solved as we are seeing many more female leads nowadays and that number seems to be increasing. and plenty of good movies have come out like wonder woman as well. i dont understand why this one movie is such a big deal when weve seen successful movies and other media before. the representation isnt perfect but its definitely improved by miles and is still improving. so why blow this up so much?
0,nobody hated on brie larson because she was a woman but because she is just an unlike able person. you say that these top critics are white men and i ask you  what is the issue with that. this white men have worked hard to attain the recognition that they have today the race of the critic does not matter and never will  a good movie is a good movie. cat woman was trash but wonder woman was very successful. you say that now only that there are a high demand for female super heroes but the truth is that the whole superhero genre is only recently gaining demand.
0,ok? good for them ig
0,>iqbal said at least five of those under arrest including three of  rafi's classmates had bound her hands and feet with a scarf before  setting her on fire.  >  >"the plan was to pass the incident off as a suicide. but it fell  through after rafi managed to come downstairs while on fire because the  scarf burned and freed her hands and feet" he said.  >  >in the ambulance fearing she might not survive rafi recorded a statement on her brother's mobile phone.  >  >"the teacher touched me i will fight this crime till my last breath" she said. she also identified some of her attackers. she was seeking justice until the end. what a sad story.
0,this is absolutely disgusting. how can a person agree to burn a girl alive for trying to protect herself. its one thing for the predator to want to silence her but how the hell did he convince 16 other people to do his bidding.
0,it sounds like a huge systematic issue in bangladesh . if the police act like rape isnt a big deal and 16 boys can be convinced to set a women on fire because the principle told them to they must really hate women from the very core of themselves.
0,ordinarily i'm the one starting shit but mother of jason voorhees someone burn the criminals at the stake.
0,absolutely disgusted and horrified. poor girl... i hope she gets justice.
0,fuck. i have no words. this poor brave woman. ugh.
0,i cannot remember the last time i felt physical discomfort and legitimate sickness in my stomach... absolute tragedy 
0,what is the most evil thing you can think of? this might be up in my top 10. this woman was killed for trying to protect herself from sexual misconduct. that's terrible.
0,this is so far beyond unacceptable. what can we do? how can we make this better??
0,what the actual fuck. that poor girl :(
0,utterly heartbreaking and infuriating to see such injustice and misogyny around the world...sincerely hope karma runs its course on those assholes.
0,this makes me want to throw up
0,this enrages me
0,this is exactly why we need feminism. this is exactly why we *all* need feminism.
0,islamic nations  amirite or amirite
0,that is so fucked up. indian folks - how can we help?
0,the backlash is totally gross. bouman has contributed vastly to our understanding of the universe. coming from a technical field she has my total respect. i wish people would have given donna strickland and maryam mirzakhani such praise for the physics nobel and fields medal but i guess their work isn't quite as easy to promote to the public. as a bit of counterpoint a *lot* of propaganda was quickly churned out to promote bouman's work and to promote women in science and not all of it was quality! most of what i saw was great - "meet dr. katie bouman the scientist responsible for the black hole image!" as is the fashion with viral news though many headlines and graphics used erroneous descriptions that went past hyperbole to describe her achievement (e.g. one graphic that i recall emphasized that bouman single-handedly created this result and that the news media is actively suppressing her story because of her gender which just isn't true).. this form of publicity infuriates me because it *detracts* from progressive feminism. instead it provides an avenue of dissent for not only anti-progressives but also for middle of the road people who might react more at the hyperbole than the celebration of a great scientist. sadly this very sort of copy is shared by people with good intentions who are more focused on the celebration than anything else. that all being said there're a lot of good articles to share and pushing bouman's celebration instead of making her into a centerpiece of debate is imo the way to do it. show the world how much women in stem kick ass.
0,physics is at the core of every science and much of we know of physics we gained by gazing up at the stars. elon designed an electric car. it was not the first electric car. and a space ship. it was not the first space ship. he's just a quirky businessman with a future boner. does reddit honestly consider him a "scientist"? lol.
0,elon musk is donald trump for tech bros and reddit pedants
0,and dr. bouman exploits zero workers!
0,eat the rich
0,i'm just sad to see these two names next to each other one is a researcher dedicating her life to advancing human knowledge the other is a billionaire with a pretty face smiling nicely in pr campaigns.
0,i'd upvote this twice if i could.
0,bouman absolutely deserves respect and credit. elon singlehandedly can be attributed for space x and tesla. fuck all this pettiness surrounding them people behind massive accomplishments deserve to be surrounded with praise either way even if they don't do things entirely on their own.
0,i just want to take a moment to say... woohoo! go katie bouman! fuck yeah!
0,agreed. but also i think she has pointed out that it was a team effort that she couldnt have done this on her own. whereas elon... havent really heard much praising of teamwork from him.
0,its not because she was a woman its because there actually was a team effort behind her hundreds of people worked on that project and it isnt worth it to attribute a massive scientific discovery to one single person however devoted they were. on the other hand elon musk was completely self made he built his fortune on his own and grew and developed because of that if it werent for elon himself space x wouldnt exist.
0,not a feminist because the feminist in my birthplace is obnoxious. i just can not get why people will discredit dr. bouman. she is a huge part of the project and the team agrees to let her become the face of the project. the algorithm is her dream and she make it come true( she mentioned her method to get the picture couple years ago in tedtalk) . she is professional and earn my respect(i dont really like feminist figure like cardi b amy schumer or hilary clinton). she delivered her work through act and deserve to be credit in the project. i surely love to hear more about the contribution from other people in the team and let them have their deserved credit but the fake credit to a man to discredit dr. bouman is just a fiesta and shit storm. she is a great scientist who is a huge part of a great project she use her hard work to prove her ability. she deserve respect. sure  other participant are important and it would be great for people to share the contribution of other scientist in the project  as long as the  information  is true( talking about the pic made by some democrats group i think? focus only on dr bouman gender and made false claim like the whole project is single handedly lead by her or downgrade her from a phd to a ma and disrespect her profession saying go katie instead of using a formal respective tone.) it would be great if reddit digs deeper and list other contributor without discredit or undercredit dr bouman just for their narrative.
0,here's the story: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/society/2019/apr/17/girl-expelled-kneed-boy-bathroom-alaska-transgender it's all regular high school bullshit that culminated in a kick to the groin by a girl. we have all been there. expulsion seemed a bit harsh tho but then again maybe there was other stuff as well.
0,how would you translate the title?
0,the men running with boobs had me dying 
0,i get the point of the post and + but... to be honest a bit of me thinks reg \[clap\]u \[clap\]lar \[clap\]dad \[clap\]must we make this exceptional?
0,so many assholes were posting this pic and calling the dad a cuck. he seems like such a sweet man.
0,this is so wholesome we need more of this! the daughter looks so happy too :)
0,i love this. its super sweet and definitely what we should be teaching our children (both boys and girls) but the shirt is just super cringe to me.
0,i like the idea and i'm not trying to concern troll but i sort of think that it might be more appropriate when the daughter is teenage or older. this child seems young to be dating at all. i think introducing kids to age appropriate conversations about consent and respect is really really really important but for some reason the shirt just seems in poor taste.
0,can we please make the bars for 'dad of the year' higher than not seeing his daughter as his property?we would never give women the title 'mother of the year' for wearing a t-shirt outlining stuff that should be pretty basic. so by calling this guy 'dad of the year' we are saying we really expect very little of men. and that is a shame. because men can be amazing parents and if we want more of them to be we should probably see that as the normal (as it should be) instead of exceptional.  so great shirt and nice of him. i hope he also is a great dad and that his childeren grow into happy and fulfilled adults.
0,i want to give that dad a hug. i hope more people learn from his example!
0,love this op thank you for sharing!
0,oh my god the first line of that shirt triggered my fight or flight
0,this is the best thing i've seen all day i love it so much
0,she is obviously not old enough to make the rules. i dont get it.
0,i was with the shirt till it said feminist father. you dont have to spell it out.
0,cringe. this is stating the obvious and we wanna give this guy a cookie for putting on a t-shirt? good lord let's have a word with ourselves
0,what a wonderful and strong man to be proud of sharing this message with her and with all of us. wonderful father. super jealous over here!!
0,i bet he loves getting dicked with a strap on
0,i was genuinely expecting a low quality shitpost before i read the shirt. heartwarming 
0,hmm why is that 6 year old dating?
0,pretty sure both people make the rules in a relationship. but hey this is feminism what more can you expect?
0,the order should be 4-3-2-1 but it's great in any order!
0,at least she has a dad.
0,i thought feminism was for equality were way past that now
0,cringe! what a simp
0,i get that this man is a nice person and it's clear that he has a warm relationship with his daughter. however can someone please explain to me realistically why this t-shirt should be praised. think about it: you're a woman. a guy comes over the house to pick up your daughter and your intuition tells you that this guy is a creep and only wants one thing from your daughter. are you seriously going to allow this pervert take your daughter out and hurt her! after all "her body her rules!"? i certainly hope not!with that said what difference does it make whether your protector is your mother or your father. a parent who loves her/his child tries to protect her/him! wouldn't it be better to give the "dad of the year!" award to the dad that wears a shirt that says "i stand behind my daughter 100%!"
0,how about both sides work together like any healthy relationship
0,what a pussy
0,i dont make the rules and thats why we have 15/16 year olds having babies.
0,why girls should be the only one to "make the rules" of a date ??? the boys doesn't "have a body too" ?btw as a parent you have to "make the rules" of the minor child you are responsible of.
0,more like cucked father
0,wheres his daughter?
0,her body her rules. isnt that a little overkill for what looks like a 6 or 7 year old child? cant the kid just play and not be pulled into this political nonsense. cool shirt dad but maybe you should be building your child up socially and emotionally to the point that she wont date asshole men? when i was that childs age i was playing with the moss between the concrete with a stick. let children be children for heavens sake
0,amazing how a father can look so much like a virgin
0,he's not gonna be so smug  when his daughter has a baby at 15 and he's the one who has to take care of it.
0,how about they both make the rules? a relationship is a team effort
0,this girls first boyfriend will be able to kick this guys ass.
0,but what if she wants to have sex with her dad
0,yes letting her decide to have sex at what appears to be 10 is sooo progressive.
0,so if she wants a baby but the boyfriend doesnt it doesnt matter? he has to have sex anyway? doesnt seem right.
0,arent rules 3 and 4 the same?
0,where is the said daughter?
0,not sure about how ethical it is to self identify as a feminist as a man but i mean his intent is good i guess.
0,as an anarchist i don't believe in rules. rules either are enforced or get broken. we need respect and culture. respect to fellow humans respect to their wishes and wellbeing. everyone deserves the best in this sweet but so seemingly short life.
0,at that age children need rules though.
0,shouldn't both of them make the rules as it should be an equal relationship? not just the girl...
0,do you like men?
0,sadly i don't have any video's for him to watch maybe some other advice tho. if i were you i wouldn't expose him to any feminism (/left) standpoints because he'll experience those as "extreme left". most people when confronted with such wildly different ideas then thereown "lock up" and get even extremer. it might be better to ease him into it. don't let him watch a playlist just yet. stupid question i know but have you tried talking to him asking him questions about his points of views? it would be good to know exactly what he is thinking. it is often better to let him do the thinking himself. this way he changed his own mind he is in charge (or so he will feel)  even though you gave him those ideas.
0,check out r/breadtube for tons of suggestions. for specific people i highly suggest contrapoints; shes a good bridge between these two worlds.
0,watch wynonna earp. feminist and positive lgbt but all wrapped up in a fun kick ass show with smart witty dialogue so he can't say you're "throwing it in his face" ... that is all.
0,id recommend contra points on you tube her targeted audience is young right wing men. lots of men have credited her for popping the alt right bubble they were in.
0,well in my experience there is nihilistic alt-right "everything is bullshit"  black pill the misleading and often false "everyone on the left and in the mainstream media are a bunch of idiots" alt-right blue pill and finally the outright dangerous "there is a mass conspiracy in the world led by the jews to bring sharia law into our kindergartens which is why girls want make me an incel" red pill. now contrary to popular belief it is ill adviced to add pills from the left in order to counter this. these pills are the "western civilization must save the world" green pill  the "feminism is universal" pink pill and finally the "there is a mass conspiracy in the world led by men to make me fail because i am a woman and also some people secretely hate gays and blacks" purple pill. there are some pills in addition to these such as the "porn and art are not mutually exclusive" turquoise pill the "majority is always correct" gray pill and the "minorities are morally superior" rainbow pill that both sides tend to ingest in equal measure depending on the situation. just like fat solouble vitamins; ingesting a tiny bit of all of these pills regularly is healthy. eating too much of one thing however is bad. as ezio auditore said: "everything is true. nothing is permitted"the cures are as follows:black pill:  access to reliable verifiable and unbiased information blue pill: interaction or open debate in real life with a moderate smart and sensible member of the left that can provide sensible arguments to single topics (such as yourselves). this applies to blue pilled left as well. red pill and purple pill: a newspaper in combination with a vigourous cure for black pill and possibly some real life friends and/or doctor prescribed psychostimulants. green pill: immigration (and you are the one immigrating)pink pill: living in the countryside for a week without electricity cars or a grocery store turquoise pill : real life counterparts to the art in question gray pill: hiatus on mainstream social media and comfort zone politics rainbow pill: idiots of said minority i have no video suggestions for you. i can't be bothered. edit: oh finehttps://youtu.be/k s-lwg8ose0
0,sounds like indoctrination let him believe what he wants
0,all my guy friends who gets vag on the reg watches contrapoints.
0,first of all thats not alt right second of all if he is the ben shapiro watching type asshole then i wouldnt recommend arguing with him because he will never back down. id recommend a more nuanced approach of baiting him into saying something that ends up to be pretty discriminatory. but not in a arguing way. he needs to learn and become self aware himself. as far as you tube videos theres this german dude called three arrows whos really good at exposing shit like prager uedit: for anything lgbt related tell him that he shouldnt give a shit about other people(in context) and how around the world they can be killed for their way of life
0,he's either become an incel or a edgy memer. he's screwed either way.
0,he probably shouldn't be watching anything. he needs to get out of the house and make some friends and get involved in some activities that make him feel good about himself. or maybe show him some articles about the psychology of people who sit around watching alt-right videos all day. maybe he will not want to be identified with that type?
0,what an amazing strong and supportive family she had. she was strong truly a superhero and her family still supported her even though they were likely attacked for doing so. that is true family love and strength.
0,this story is so horrific that the title alone is enough to bring one to tears. i struggled just to get through the article with each line worse than the previous. it's almost unimaginable that such evil people exist. i hope they hang every one of these evil perpetrators.
0,thats how mafia works
0,problem countries are: albania armenia azerbaijan china georgia hong kong (sar of china) india republic of korea montenegro taiwan (province of china) tunisia and vietnam. if heterosexual dating was game the lads living in these countries will be on hardcore mode for the next couple of years. thank god hentai exists!
0,thats a coincidence
0,ah yes democrat propaganda for 2020. never mind the weapons sales or the rising national debt or the opoid crisis. our leaders have vaginas now and it is going to change everything.
0,> *erbil (kurdistan 24)  a kurdish woman from kirkuk province on wednesday received her drivers license for large trucks becoming the areas first female motorist to be awarded the hard-earned document.*  >  > *acquiring a general-type license requires testing that is much more difficult in comparison to the rest as holders are allowed to drive any range of vehicles from light to heavy including taxis.*  >  > *since it is not widely accepted in the country as a whole for women to operate heavy vehicles or taxis it is a rarity for female drivers to try out to obtain one.*  >  > *speaking with kurdistan 24 shaida abdul-majid the female applicant said the reason she had sought the license was to break societys norms and does not intend to become a truck driver.*  >  > *although the number of female drivers has risen sharply since the start of the decade there is still a stigma especially in the more conservative areas of the country around it.*
0,they have multiple all-female military combat units too. they're awesome.
0,the backlash was about excesive donations to a non critical social function yes? (also: the tits on that woman with the purple dress. dayum!)
0,most important quotes for the article.>in the meantime the cascade of cash that materialized overnight to save the cathedral has raised eyebrows in france still in the throes of a crippling protest over rising social inequality there are huge amounts of african and middle eastern immigrants who have no shelter and barely any food to get by while white people hoard everything in paris resulting in a massive amount of inequality. i just can;t believe it.>if they can give tens of millions to rebuild notre dame then they should stop telling us there is no money to help with the social emergency >in just a few hours today 650 million euros was donated to rebuild notre dame south africa-based journalist simon allison tweeted. in six months just 15 million euros has been pledged to restore brazils national museum. i think this is what they call white privilege.white people should be completely ashamed for what they have done. i guess white privilege should be counted as a disability because i can't for the life of me wonder why so many are blind.  also i know the i inserted a little bit into the headline that is not part of the article headline. if it is a mistake i will change it but i will admit that i made it a little more attention grabbing(thought truthful) because i was unconfident the original title alone would suffice to interest women in this subreddit. wanted eyes on this story about greed. white people exploit women and then these are the only times we ever see their wealth be used for something. i shake my head at this.
0,interesting you could practically switch the "bad" and "good" body types around for an ad today as our beauty standards have changed since then yet the evo psych crowd will continue to yammer on about how it's all down to thousands of years of evolution health and fertility markers etc. and men just can't help these deeply ingrained feelings... no. it's about cultural ideals.
0,what the fuck is wrong with that school? people shouldn't corner people just because they think other people don't belong in the bathroom and self defense is a perfectly reasonable response to such actions. schools do not watch out for children's safety do they?
0,i just read the article and would clarify that they apparently blocked not locked the door. however the reason for the boys going to the bathroom make this story even more ridiculous as they tried to protest against transgender boy who used the boys bathroom. here is a related twitter thread for anyone interested: https://mobile.twitter.com/savannahmoisan/status/1116817585389989890?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw%7ctwcamp%5etweetembed%7ctwterm%5e1116817585389989890&ref_url=about%3asrcdoc
0,boys will be boys right? and women will be punished for fighting back.
0,okay why aren't her parents pitching a goddamn fit to the school board? because i would take the school administration and go right on up the district chain to include the superintendent and the school board. these boys trapped this girl she was rightfully terrified and she defended herself. they should all be expelled.
0,ahh yes and it's *trans people* invading bathrooms
0,wtf? i thought alaska was a stand your ground state? oh wait i forgot what that really means...
0,i smell a lawsuit
0,what you guys are seeing is zero tolerance fighting policies in play. mine had one where if you get beat up and defend yourself you are also punished for fighting at school. sometimes worse than whoever punched you.
0,she did the right thing. good for her for defending herself. what a terrifying situation to be in.
0,this is just ridiculous
0,# get this principle and superintendent fired plus any teacher involved with suspension/expulsion
0,i accidentally read the title as sacred girl and now i want that to be what we call all trans women who are proud enough and brave enough to be themselves in high school.
0,this is actually disgusting and makes me a young female student so scared for the future
0,girls will be girls
0,fuck that school. adults my ass.
0,i found this in the washington post so it is a legit story. i don't think the school can get away with this though having worked in public schools for 12 years i'm not surprised they did it. i'd chalk it up more to school incompetency than anything else.
0,so sad that our trans youth can't even go to the bathroom without being scared. no one should have to fight to feel safe in a bathroom. this is the stuff that traumatizes trans kids. why is she expelled? the boy's who did this should be in trouble not her. my heart goes out to her and anyone else who has ever gone through something like this. <3
0,(im a guy) i've gotten suspended for protecting myself when a bully attacked me. it's not because they are trans its because the school system sucks.
0,we can all agree if this is what happened it's horrible. but is there any better news articles on this? this website seems a bit biased.
0,we have some brigading in the comments and voting manipulation. please report trolls and comments that do not follow the sidebar rules. to those who are confused please follow the rules on debating and remember to show respect and courtesy. please also check out the posts on this same topic on r/ask feminists before commenting if you are not from this community. thanks everyone!
0,surely it depends on what the preceeding sentence was?example a:'all men have a responsibility to fight against rape and sexual assault.''not all men are rapists.'*(real meaning: i don't care about this issue)*example b:'men are pigs.''not all men are pigs.'*(real meaning: i get that you're frustrated but that was a sexist generalization)*
0,agreed 100%. what is most insulting is that this type of response is essentially a hey i personally am not like that. it is more important to protect their egos than to acknowledge that by defending all men (or not all men) they negate a horrible reality that we need to live with day in and day out.
0,i feel as though "not all men" is a means of avoiding accountability but to be fair broad generalizations do not dictate the consensus.  i'm not so sure that pushing back against a generality makes you complicit though i can understand what you're trying to say.
0,i agree with you in theory i'm just wondering... to what extent should we expect people (men?) to crusade for these things? a lot of people are not in positions of power themselves to stand up for what's right they're just trying to get by. i guess what i'm saying is... i think that the onus should be less on individual men and more on the system and top-down institutional change.
0,"apathy is a tacit vote of support for the status quo."
0,entirely agreed. i'm trying even harder now it's hard to both try to influence your toxic surroundings (my coworkers etc..) while also prevent being ostracized or labelled which would cut me off and stop them listening. i often have to make baby steps or avoid certain words. obviously it's way easier for me as a dude which is why i'm trying and i haven't got much to lose.
0,a good man should never have to say "not all men".  a good man should already know if he is truly a good man and the women and other men around him will know he is a good man by his actions not his denials.
0,i thought about this awhile and re-read the original post a few times. i wonder two things about the "all men": 1) who is your target audience? 2) what is the purpose of your statement?if the target audience is feminists and feminist allies then yeah you're not likely to get pushback. males who are feminist will likely understand and know there is no reason to respond negatively. if the target audience is the specific group that is perpetrating the slight it's highly unlikely a member of that demographic is going to feel anything but defensive about a general statement like that. it's human nature i think when ideas which are seen as threats causes us to resist initially. it's confusing is what i'm saying. i don't claim to know a lot about feminism i'd like to keep an open mind. i'm just not sure what people actually mean when they make general statements. and if i'm confused what is the guy who doesn't follow politics closely but sees the meme stating "men are ....." thinking?if you just want support then fine. many of the subs dedicated to political issues are exactly that. if you want people to engage in honest and difficult discussions well it might be valuable to self reflect on the efficacy of such strategies.
0,i think the fact that it you believe it is "all men" (which i happen to agree with) shows it is not necessarily the fault of all individuals males but a societal and historical issue. it becomes increasingly difficult for people to accept their behaviour when we approach the situation with pure antagonism. i believe the most prudent course of action is to slowly and painfully deconstruct and thus unravel the patriarchy and its intersecting solidifiers to them.&#x200b;i doubt men do not "care"; rather they have trouble accepting something so horrible and painful.
0,listen it isn't fair for me to be compared to rapists thieves adults. i am 14 years old why should i be considered a problem because some other people of my gender are a problem? it's not like women can't rape as well. first of all it's their parents' fault for not teaching them right. second the developed world already knows that rape is bad. almost everyone who didn't change now probably won't change anymore (sadly..) unless they recieve the proper punishments. now we need to take action on the least developed countries - but for some reason we keep on focusing on the west. third i refuse to be dishonored because of other people's actions. i've never hurt any woman and i am still considered a rapist because i am a man?"war. murder. rape. all of those three words have one thing in common. men." i am pretty sure most people recognize this sentence from a video on you tube. it even was an advertisement. now i have nothing related to any of those things so yes not all men are rapists. not all men are bad people. not all men. and not all women. especially *not all humans.*but that doesn't mean i don't care. i will always teach and help my friends my family and hopefully my future wife and kids to avoid being rapists killers thieves...and i'll do what i can to raise awareness for those problems for the people i see. it's a question of individualism and self-respect. i'm not a bad person just because i want to defend myself from other people's attacks. i'm sorry if you disagree with me. but i just want to prove i am a good person. and how do i do that online besides of telling you i am not a bad person just because i am a man?(a good day to the sub and the op. i'm sorry if i sound aggressive on any of the sentences just a little frustrated.)
0,men: ***not all men!!1!!11!!!1***also men: overly protect their daughters
0,we all currently participate in patriarchal systems even us die hard feminists.  i feel like i learn this more and more every day.  dismantling systems requires healthy self reflection uncomfortable criticism and hard work.  "not all men" proves the speaker isnt willing to do any of that.  its not helpful.
0,not all men but then ask them for their views about men/boys in regards to their daughters dating. suddenly generalizing all men is ok?
0,crossposting from ask feminists because i think it belongs here. for me its like this.  im an american. when i travel people often say to me oh americans are all fat/eat a lot of hamburgers/never leave their home country/can only speak one language  whatever stereotype you get. now i personally am/do none of these things. that does not change the fact that most americans do eat hamburgers 2/3 of us have never had a passport 2/3 of us are overweight or obese more than 80% of us speak only one language etc. i am not going to get all butthurt by these comments or insist that they dont apply to me because i know im personally not really the topic of the conversation.  and they are pretty much true of the majority of americans. it should be the same for men.
0,"not all men" is just the "no true scotsman" fallacy and is used quite commonly used in many situations. if a person were to use the acronym acab(all cops are bastards) you can be sure a very similar quote of "not all" would come rather quickly but just like your statement they are simply washing over the problem of bad cops getting away with awful acts because hey "not all cops are bad"... that is just my example to go along with your point anyway...
0,the "not all [x]" shit just comes off like the people saying it think they're immune to the effects of being born raised and living their whole lives in a world that constantly bombards us all with propaganda. no single person is to blame for patriarchy but no single person is going to be able to avoid participating in society while existing in it either we all have expectations forced upon us and it can be difficult to act outside of those even when we want to. it's all of us it's everyone men are a part of everyone everyone includes me everyone includes you raise your hand if you've got nothing new to learn. if your behaviour is perfect all the time please say so i would love to meet the actual reincarnation of christ. every time a minority says "fuck my oppressor they suck" instead of taking it as a learning opportunity it just has to be interpreted in the most disingenuous way possible. pretending it's a personal attack to avoid having to acknowledge the system it's really talking about is incredibly see-through. trying to flip it around on the person and calling them "man hater" "anti-white" "trans cult" or whatever other nonsense while simultaneously dismissing or drowning out their complaint outs chuds instantly but it's still obnoxious.
0,here is what i don't understand. if it truly is all men then who exactly is the target audience of your complaint? surely it's not women because as you've stated men are the **only ones** who can stop this. surely it's not the direct perpetrators because that's who you are trying to stop. surely it's not those who subvert your point with grammatical semantics because they are complicit and therefore included among all men.  and surely it cannot be those true "good men" who posses the power to stop all of this because according to the phrase "all men" they don't exist. if you truly think that men are the **only ones** who can act on the behalf of women and stop all of this why in the world would you campaign behind a phrase that paints every. single. man. as a monster? that is just ludicrous. you're not supposed to insult someone before you ask for them to save you.
0,if i wrote despacito despacito i like despacito life is would that mean 5hat all mean believe it is and have yoda speech even in text? no!
0,wow what a toxic way to view 4ish billion people. to generalise a sex is sexist unless you have asked everyone in sed sex and they have all confirmed your accusations or you have hard evidence of that accusation. of this is feminism then i'm not for it i'm for equality for everyone.
0,the problem with men who love "not all men" argument is that they don't recognise do not realise hierarchies around them because they fetishise their life expirience over some social tendencies that should be questioned to move forward. they can't even question their lifestyle. sticking to old rules being  is much easier than changing yourself to better. in fact reactionary ideology usually fetishises "personal life experiences" over generalisations that are not absolute but more or less reflect social reality. the system of oppression and generally **determines some tendencies that could occur on massive scale** creating a risk of harassment. so it's not "nature" to blame but lack of automation that in my view determines human freedom.
0,shut the fuck up. you just see all men as these monsters that rape all woman but in reality they arent. most are just trying to be a good guy and live on with their life and then they see people like you bitching about the most retarded shit ever. fuck off.
0,i feel like thats the response when men are actually generalized. i agree its a very inappropriate response when someone just happens to be criticizing a man for his wrongdoings. but when all men are being generalized its a problem. i and many other men do support gender equality. women are just as capable and deserve equal treatment. so to say all men do these horrible things is to alienate the ones who support you. so yes not all men.
0,this feels a lot like when conservatives slam all muslims any time any follower of islam commits an act of terror.
0,interesting i had an ex girlfriend who tore my heart out and cheated on me repeatedly she was a really shitty person who had no morals and treated me like i was sub human. her friends took her side so by your logic all women are trash?
0,true masculinity is protecting and standing up for those that can't. if you don't then you waste your masculinity. everyone should be treated equally.
0,everything about this is fucking stupid. not all men doesnt mean we dont care it means not all men. how stupid are you?
0,if you say " men are all pigs" then we can say "not all men are pigs"unless you want us to say "all women are just dumb stupid objects that complain about everything" but you guys would get mad for us being sexist when you guys made a sexist generalization about men.
0,im going to guess that these are fairly new ideas to you that you are still working on and try to be helpful. im with you up to your antepenultimate paragraph which is seriously problematic and though i dont think it was your intention runs dangerously close to erasing the notion that women are human beings who make decisions take actions suffer consequences and live in the world. that whole paragraph confuses ego with bodily autonomy is not helpful for your main point and needs to be drastically rethought. consent does not have conditionals as you are arguing for; it is continuous and affirmative. you are blurring the lines by confusing the act with the pretext. tricking people is wrong regardless of context but it is a different wrong than rape. violating someones bodily autonomy takes their ability to make a choice away. tricking someone is different. if i tell you i need five dollars because i am starving and dont have any money for food and you give me five dollars but i use it to buy drugs i have tricked you and that is not a nice thing. but i did not rob you of your ability to make a choice. i didnt forcibly take the five dollars from you. i didnt violate your bodily autonomy. i hope you can see the difference in this less horrible example. i know what you are going for but it is enough to say tricking someone into sex is wrong without equating it to rape. as for your second point not everybody fucks the same and humans like to discuss that. some women like to just lay there and some men do too and that is totally fine and others are totally fine with it not being their thing and discussing it with their friends. i can tell that your concern is in the right place but instead of making judgements about the woman in that case lets focus on determining if there was consent and leave the judgements about sexual preferences out of it.
0,when a woman says "all men are..."you have just given every man listening a reason to stop paying attention to you and your ideas. i certainly do as i know i am faced with a person incapable or unwilling to offer a nuanced and thoughtful exposition of her point and debases her position by gross over-statement.
0,actually the term not all men is true. not all men are murderers. not all men are abusers. not all men are rapists
0,man:does something bad feminists:omg guys this guy is such a monster woman:does something bad feminists: sits in corner and remains quiet
0,how is other men's actions my fucking responsibility? there's a lot of entitlement and toxic femininity that you could "do something about" but don't and you don't hear anybody freaking out about it. why? because that would be insane to do. nobody is obligated to "fix" other people's behavior because a vocal minority finds it unacceptable.
0,all women are egotistical narcissistic assholes.
0,when we say not all men we dont mean we are good we just mean whe are nit what you are saying that is :p
0,i dont get it... i want a simple answer to this. and why is it only the mans problem? its not like theyre the only people that are bad... i honestly hate myself for being a man because i am grouped in with people who are rapists liars discriminators and misogynists.
0,>" **zura karuhimbi had no weapons to defend herself when the men waving machetes surrounded her home demanding she hand over those she was sheltering inside.**  >  >she did however have a reputation for magical powers.  >  >that reputation and the fear it engendered in the group of heavily armed men was enough to keep an elderly woman and more than 100 others safe during the rwandan genocide. some 800000 other tutsis and moderate hutus would die in the ethnic violence which engulfed rwanda in 1994 - including her first-born son and a daughter.  >  >"during the genocide i saw the darkness of a man's heart" [**she would tell the east african two decades later from the same tiny two-room house she hid so many people inside**](https://www.theeastafrican.co.ke/rwanda/news/at-almost-100-zura-still-has-a-vivid-memory-of-1994-killings-/1433218-1740448-j1tymvz/index.html)."&#x200b;women are are often denied traditional paths to power and zura saved many using what was available - the deep suspicion and fear of witchcraft. as with many historic women she accomplished something remarkable with very little power. working within the system to create good  at the risk of her own life.
0,the thing that most bugs me about lifers is that they're usually the same crowd that moans and whines endlessly about " muh taxes muh taxes" for any program designed to help a single mother care for a child snap medicaid afterschool programs teachers pay anything to help kids the same people who cheered when the administration took kids from their parents and put them in cages the same people who pass judgment on a woman who would give up her kid for adoption "how could you let your child go" the same people who dont want to talk about ways to get the shooting of children in schools under control and the same people who support the death penalty and excuse the police literally murdering people. if you ask them well you cant have an abortion you dont think a mom is entitled to any help that might marginally increase your precious taxes you dont think they should be given up for adoption just what are your solutions? chastity....they aren't pro life. they are anti life and pro birth only. they dont give a shit about life after birth.
0,*don't tread on me*. but also please impose legal restrictions on what women can freely do with their own bodies.*don't steal my money with taxes.* but also force women to have babies they can't support and then remove programs like planned parenthood. *don't kill fetuses.* but go ahead and kill [150 million](https://sentientmedia.org/how-many-animals-are-killed-for-food-every-day/) animals every day even though pigs undeniably have higher consciousness and [ability to feel pain](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/animal-emotions/201506/pigs-are-intelligent-emotional-and-cognitively-complex) than a fetus. pro-life is terrible. i do not respect those who adhere to it.
0,i honestly believe that my mom should have aborted me though.
0,is that donald?
0,when youre not the one who can get pregnant.
0,such a tough choice  there'll never be common ground.
0,i always wonder if these so-called prolifers realize that women can die in pregnancy and childbirth. no one should decide for another if they should put their life on the line.
0,and the one feeding a child for 18 years.
0,oh look another man dictating what a woman can do with her womb. when men evolve to have a uterus then they can have a say over what happens with their own 
0,shouldn't it be it's easy being a pro life when you're not being killed cause the unwanted pregnancy can kill both the mother and the baby
0,must be so easy to go around claiming that heartbeats are a symbol of life when youre not the one being forced to carry the pregnancy to term. or go around saying life is a gift and forcing teenagers to drop out of school to take care of children. thats because its easy to force choices on people rather than let people take responsibility for their actions. its easy to want to preserve life when you dont have to do anything but write a placard and stand by the roadside for a few hours and then go to your local bar have a few drinks before going home to find that your wife cooked cleaned took children to bed prepared their lunches and helped with the homework and didnt force you to get involved since its a choice to be present or not because raising children is a womans job and it requires minimal effort on your part.
0,i'm pro choice but glad my parents were pro life. as others noted if more were done to support young mothers i think you'd have more come around to support the pro life pov. often the pro life crowd communicates "what about the child???" when it's a fetus. but when it's born it's not their problem anymore. there should be better support programs in place better education on the subject. i see the woman's point of view there.
0,"being pregnant" lol noob
0,if you don't want the kid put it up for adoption it's as simple as that or if that doesn't work for you just don't have a kid
0,shut up murderer! oops i mean pro-abortion woman.
0,if your performing sexual acts with your partner your choosing to take a risk of pregnancy. you dont choose how or when your born to act like its the same is morally idiotic.
0,i mean let's be honest here. even i being pro-life myself think a lot of pro-life protests are unnecessarily graphic and antagonistic. this one actually seems pretty chill on both sides which i can appreciate.
0,this photo literally destroys your whole argument if you read right to left. since when has being pregnant been worse than being killed?! would you pull a baby out of a mother's womb then slit it's throat no? because that's murder! but if you can't see it it's not murder right? it's part of the mother's body isn't it? what this is saying is that women nowadays are choosing to be lazy and complacent and rather than bearing with the burden of childbirth as their mother did they choose to kill their children.
0,the ironic thing is neither will ever be pregnant
0,put it up for adoption seriously if its that big a deal and its life threatening then possibly but for fucks sake dont abort that is a living human
0,i get both sides.....
0,itxs easy to be pro-life when the guy has no say and the court systems always rule in favor of the mother regardless of circumstances.  it's always "my body my choice" with pro-choicers.  yet the man has absolutely no say in the matter regardless of if the woman chooses tonkeepnor abort it.  you want pro-choice?  fine men want 50% of the votr.  if he doesnt want you to hsve it and you do forgo all child support.
0,not really the most solid argument. i know plenty of women that are pro-life and would much rather adopt out.
0,the excellent gemma chan comments on aging racism and other issues in this glamour article. from the article:>it isnt lost on gemma that on the captain marvel press tour sitting alongside her costars jude law and samuel l jackson and being asked approximately one thousand questions a day she doesnt get the same line of questioning as a man. is anyone going to ask jude how hes dealing with the ageing process? actresses have to navigate this line of questioning every single day.>discussions around ageing have been a way of controlling women making women feel insecure about ourselves and as if they arent adequate gemma says. we need to change things especially in the beauty industry. the ageing process is going to happen to all of us  how are we going to deal with it? i think anti-ageing is a prehistoric term.>gemma is a realist when it comes to her own feelings on the subject. obviously i will probably have a huge freak out about it she confides. i completely recognise that i work in an industry where your looks and your appearance do play a part in what you get cast in for better or for worse. its going to be tough but at the same time i hope that i can deal with it with some grace. if you have enough in your life that you are invested in that you care about beyond the surface i think you can deal with it. if you only care about the superficial and appearances then you are setting yourself up for a fall.
0,whoa whoa bigot you know you're not allowed to say anything against muslims or islam. you're supposed to disregard any and all proof that muslim countries are overwhelmingly terrible for literally anyone but especially women. bad feminist!
0,i was reading this article in the morning. i loved it. im a tall curvy woman so i understand being an outlier might mean occasional discomfort in some areas (buying bras is tough almost nowhere has trousers in my size). what this article highlights is that women (**51% of the population!**) are treated as design and research outliers and the results are not just annoying - theyre potentially life-threatening. this cannot be stressed enough. kudos to the author and hope this is something that gets discussed more often.
0,i really liked this article! only recently i started to read and think about feminism and thought that most things were far from my bed (white female in western europe from a decently well off family without ever having had major issues) then i read this article and oh my god! so many things are just not right. now i'm reading more and more and looking around me and seeing way more things where equality is still non existent!
0,generally cause we're seem as outsiders so it's like an extra name to let us know that we are outsiders
0,i like to identify as a girl (or enby) gamer because i'm sick of getting scolded by male slurs all the time and being congratulated by "dude". the downside is the sexual harassment.
0,>40k upvotes jesus. imagine upvoting this
0,heh i was raised by my gamer dad and he did understand online games cant be paused and he still didn't care.
0,this is a little silly the point of the post is that more and more women are playing video games. in that case the descriptor 'gamer girls' is cringey and lame but it's not inaccurate
0,gamer girl used to be common synonym for an e-thot idk what it means now
0,what about female gamers who don't want to have kids? there is so much wrong with this meme.
0,its a meme
0,jesus you guys get so triggered at everything. the joke is that mother's usually call their children down while they're gaming and that is usually what happens. probably no one has happened with this with their father (not saying anything about gender roles just personal experience). if anything feminists put a gender at the end of everything for things such as stem related jobs and such i don't see how this is any different especially in a make-up on are activity. calm down they aren't advocating for sexism.
0,also the alliteration is killer. gamer women doesn't sound as nice!also dads being assumed to not parrent gets my goat
0,yeah they cant do things without having to put a gender at the end. because most gamers are males just like how most athletes are males. so whats wrong with putting girl in the word to help identify the smaller group?
0, us gamers do this as a sign for respect in the gamer nations (with an s at the end) it is considered that having a gamer girl means that you should treat her with respect because like i said long time ago if a species have a power then for that species it is not a power but more of an ability but lables and privillages make it so
0,it's a meme. imagine being so upset by a meme you have to goto a website and write about how much it upsets you... this was obviously made by some 12/13 year old kid who was annoyed that his mom kept telling him to come down for dinner.
0,that first part sure they can. but if you are speaking about a female gamer then it makes it easier to understand for example "my friend is a gamer" is a sentence where the gender of the person isnt specified. but if you said gamer girl then you would understand its a girl and thats why the term even exists. also men can raise children
0,this might be because they are a minority only 6% of women indentify as gamers and 15% of men do.
0,if you ever get on any major aaa title on the multiplayer odds are youll encounter more males than females. im not insinuating anything but what im thinking is that they specified the gender to make the image more relatable. this is ironic because this post is trying to praise women who play games as more understanding of a predominantly male hobby but still ended up pissing people off
0,maybe because for every gamer girl there are 70 guys
0,it specifies "girls" because thats what the meme is about. if it was about doctors who are gamers then it would say that instead.
0,it's kind of like mansplaining and manspreading
0,okay so this post is fucking idiotic and heres why.1. mansplaining manspreading and so much more i cant be bothered to learn.2. it is a joke that mothers interupt their child who is playing a online game then tells him to pause it it was on south park once and tbh dont even get started on your shriveld husk you call humor that isnt allowed to joke about anything verging on offensive even though its obvious no one supports any of the things in the joke.
0,because when something is a minority it tends to have extra context doesnt take a genius
0,what are you some sort of feminist
0,idk gamer girls is a meme. gamer girl pee is my g-fuel or you hear that slightly female voice in your cs:go lobby and you whisper to your friends in discord holy shit its a gamer girl. tbh i feel like this sub needs to loosen up. i always get a laugh out of the ridiculousness of omg its a fucking girl eeeeee.
0,we are just girls who play games so we are gamer girls. what is the problem? they just wanted to mention women. they don't say that women are the ones who raise the children. they just say they can understand that an online game can't be stopped. they don't say gamer girls because they are women and they can't they say gamer girls because some people who play games complain about their moms telling them to stop an online game because they don't understand. dads say that too but most of the gamers complain about moms but they don't really complain they are joking. wow. why are you so picky? can't you just enjoy a post?
0,the only thing wrong with that meme is the idea that your mum should give a shit that you can't pause your game. you live in her house you'd better follow her rules.
0,fuck this shit post
0,the entire reason that gamer girls are called gamer girls is cause it's mostly guys who plays video games of course girls can play video games nobody said they can't.
0,women can drive in sa now?
0,im more of a conservative than a leftist and i really wanted to see what this sub was about since feminism is a more leftist thing because i wanted to see a different point of view. i go on and i see this. i thought you guys were for equality not for this shit. but what do i know since ill probably get a lot of hate.
0,this feels like a double-standard to me
0,came here to be like "man this guy's got a way with words" before i realized who wrote it.
0,shouldnt he be using that time and energy to write something else....
0,w hy do nt w omen re po rt sta lkin g and se xua l a ssaul t??
0,when we looked at the circumstances leading to shanas murder we felt we may not have done the very best we could sussex police assistant chief constable nick may said in the statement. you think?
0,i hope everyone one directly involved in her case get 10 days off w/o pay. and gets reassigned to desk duty someplace. i hope her parents file a wrongful death suit against the pd and city. you know they are not going to fire these officers.
0,i know we shouldn't have to but this is why we need to learn self defense. in my life i have had to break one attempted rapists arm and knock out a stalker. in the end the police wont protect us only we can.
0,that isn't right.
0,prior to this case they had 13 other complaints from 3-10 years ago and they claim they misunderstood what stalking was? also she was fined for not disclosing she had been in a relationship with him??! as if not being in a relationship with someone doing this shit is somehow more actionable and worse? wtf is that logic even
0,this is really fucked up. it really does show systematic sexism that is so true and real and horrific. women need to be taken seriously its quite literally life-threatening that they arent getting the response and treatment they need
0,hope he rots in hell calling him a pig would be a compliment
0,why does reddit show me trending posts on subreddits im not subscribed to. i dont care about this shit. i just wanna browse memes and stay up to date on games. i dont wanna see this.
0,all cats are beautiful. either people don't get that i'm saying acab or anti cop rhetoric is disapproved of here?
0,yesterday i was talking g with my brother about how a movie maybe feminist. he said "it's not feminist there's no men bashing". i was so surprised to hear that from him. i told him that feminism wasn't men bashing and that he needed to spend less time on alt-right you tube channels.
0,"i'm not saying i'm right. it's just how i feel."there's really no responding to that kind of mindset.
0,i'd probably go with "uhuh" and move on. no point in debating those who don't want a debate.  if he kept insisting i would say something along the lines of "duly noted. you can either stop mentioning it or start debating".
0,you don't bother with him. what he describes is clearly not feminism. so send him a link to a yt video that says what feminism is actually (guys like that never read articles) and move on. i never talk with my brother about social subjects at all because of this.
0,it must be nice to be part of a group where the biggest threat to your rights and social acceptance is a harry potter actor occasionally giving speeches about being nice to others.  you're brother's acting like a baby no offense. i don't think you can really engage with that mindset with words. all you can do is keep chugging along until they realize their whining doesn't cause you shame.
0,tbh he has a lot of fair points. i'd tell him that emma watson isn't the face of feminism and that she has her faults too. introduce him to some other material.
0,everything he says is correct though.
0,you should take the time to understand him and listen to him. once you understand the core of his issues with what he thinks feminism is you can better help him understand. its not like his points were not valid i mean he does list several real problems however he needs to realize that women have it worse. once you understand his viewpoints its easier to pick them apart and show him how he has it wrong and its just the stuff he watches that makes it seem like it is to him. this isnt inequality this is simply a guy thats pissed at the world and you need to help him.
0,hes not wrong.
0,that is just weird. carrying tampons or seeing someone carrying tampons i don't think i would even notice.
0,i stopped caring by high school when pretty much all girls have started their period
0,maybe you met a person that didn't grow out of her puberty mindset i felt a bit ashamed when i was younger as well for buying tampons or condoms but this normally ends after some time?!
0,just goes to show how society is biased against women and their bodily functions. i saw a story on aita the other day about a guy asking whether he was an asshole for telling his girlfriend to stop talking about her period it made me angry because these men sexualize us and want sex on a whim but dont want us to discuss whats happening to us. its disgusting.
0,end the stigma!periods are normal. no reason to be ashamed. period. (see what i did there?)
0,i never understood this. i often buy my wifes toiletries when i happen to be out shopping and she needs them and i am always a little shocked that so many people make comments like im some kind of super hero for grabbing them for her. i often dont even know how to reply. like gee thanks for the recognition for buying an item that i dont use for my spouse? why is this a big deal? almost half of the earths population uses these. why is it significant that i purchase them?
0,this is hilarious! absolutely nothing to be ashamed about.
0,what's the context? is the store located right next to a football stadium or a baby bunting shop? it's hard to tell why it would be "brave" for you to walk out with women's toiletries without knowing what you are walking out to.
0,that's a strange perspective of her to have. was she young? i could imagine one being more shy about it when they first get their period.
0,its because your cashier knows the value of modesty.
0,how exactly are shoes with heels safer to wear than flats? i always nearly bust my ass in heels and flight attendants are expected to be able to help passengers in an emergency.
0,this surprises me coming out of norway but i imagine even without the policy employees would still face pressure to wear makeup and subtle consequences for choosing to wear heavy makeup or no makeup at all. the airline industry is terrible and as the article states almost every airline has dated policies like this one. theyve come a long way since the 90s when my mom was a flight attendant and was required to adhere to weight regulations (less than 125lb at 55) but they have so far to go.
0,norway is the last country i would expect to do something so moronic.
0,this so so absurd and horrendous i can't believe this is a new policy wtf norwegian
0,i was speaking to a female colleague the other day. we were talking about commute times into work (we work in manhattan). at some point she said "i need 30 minutes to do makeup alone." this caused me to pause as this something i've never thought about. why would i being make i'm not expected to wear makeup. i'm expected to dress appropriately but given i work in education i can pull off jeans and a shirt. i'm not aware if companies have similar policies to this airline or it's more that women will wear heels and makeup because this is what they do.
0,i get makeup requirements in most jobs and places i work for... always feels awful always hope this becomes something of the past didnt know companies had stopped doing this cause i experience it often
0,im not sure if this is referring to the airline norwegian but they are just goddamn horrible to fly with. forget to give me food i paid for and then required proof. double charged me for baggage and because they cant see it on their system i have to prove to them that theyve taken it. theyre a disease of an airline im not surprised they have these ridiculous policies. if you can treat your customers like trash for wanting what they paid for imagine what they do to their staff.
0,if they do those things the bosses think more people will want to travel with them and thus male more money. the nordic countries are capitalist so that sort of contradiction btw capitalism and feminism still exists everyday. thats why socialist feminist is a thing opposite liberal feminist
0,its just a uniform jeez
0,is this not just a basic dress code so that the crew looks presentable?
0,why am i getting downvoted so much for asking sincere questions?
0,is this much different than men having to wear ties or having a specific haircut?
0,um i have plenty of times. all the time.
0,i know it's wrong to touch women like that but that woman clearly don't know about men. they do this to each other all the time.
0,yeah but girls always do that to me in nightclubs and bars ayy thinking theyre all so pretty n shit and i want them to touch me... yuck.
0,i do but i'm european ;) and girls do it to me.
0,that is because thats kinda gay
0,but women have like bra clips and stuff on their real backs. what if my hand lands awkwardly on it and i prick myself?
0,literally no one does that
0, are you complaining about being scooched which happens to everyone?
0,unless it's from someone attractive... smh
0,i can guess but... you mind explain a lil bit what the song says?
0,id like to see some proof xd
0,one of the boys goes i think boys are clever than girls uh you sure buddy?
0,this is why i get mad when people say we don't need feminism anymore.
0,that's awful. i hope she gets out soon.
0,whats the source of this picture and this information? was there an article about her? im not entirely sure but if i remember correctly i think its the girl that disappeared about a year ago and people speculated that she got killed for protesting. it made me extremely sad to think what women have to endure in some parts of the world.
0,i can't believe the iranian government arrests people for shit like this.
0,whats the context about this you dont tell me nothing with this link? anyone?
0,iran needs a new revolution.  the youth need to push this wonderful society toward a european style democracy.  corrupt old men gave them a theocracy to provide them control in order to do their corruption in the name of allah. before 1979 iran may have had a corrupt american puppet in the shah but teheran was the paris of the middle east.  islamic conservatives and american conservatives who need them to create an enemy to fool american christians we are nearing holy war are killing the world.  young middle east: rise up.  your future and the world need it.
0,wonder how long it will be before women get arrested for wearing hijabs in the us.
0,now this is a true modern day feminist. unlike those hair died armpit growing hair loud idiots in 1st world countries
0,that's the culture of the country though.
0,islamic feminism is an oxymoron. religious feminism as a whole is actually oxymoronic.
0,endorsement of regressive ideologies or practices is strictly forbidden. in other words: the range of answers that will not result in an irrevocable ban is limited. please keep in mind that women's issues should not be subordinated to anything else (at least not here) be it tradition or whatever the fuck.
0,i'd say maybe but why bother. be a feminist instead.
0,i grew up in bangladesh where sending your daughters/wives to school or allowing them to work was taboo. yet there were women who did those things and still remained devout muslims. as a result religion's stance on this topic was made obsolete over time. religion evolves with  time and i think it's important for feminists to identify as religious so that they can introduce feminist ideas in religion. however pretending that religion (looking at you "muslim feminists") is feminist is laughable.
0,i am not going to answer the question directly because debating someone's identity rarely goes anywhere. but if you try to be both a feminist and an abrahamist you will have to eventually have to sacrifice one for the other or at least keep silent about a lot of important issues. since no evidence for anything supernatural has come forward and the world behaves physicalistically it is best for one to choose feminism lgbt+ rights socialism etc. over religion.
0,my religious views are like a dali painting sagging propped up and held together by strings. i like to think that the key messages of christianity have been distorted and erased by successive male power groups. at the core we find 1.) love one another. i also think stephen hawking was on to something when he said that if there is a god she has seemingly set up universal laws of physics which are seen everywhere. in other words ours is a secular universe. prayer will not stop the earth from spinning. i take this to mean that we should keep our religion away from things like government and formation of societal norms. worship a shoe if you like but do not try and force that on anyone else. our world is guided by secular laws.
0,when debating this with my partner she made a point that you can interpret the religious texts in a feminist way. that way it's possible to be both religious and feminist and you can also have positive effects on said religions from the inside. the other half of the problem is how is it possible to interpret these supposedly perfect texts in so many different ways? but that's a topic for atheism subreddit.
0,this horse has been flogged enough.
0,nobody says that
0,i believed in feminism for a long time but i thought that being a feminist meant bashing other genders. when i did research and educated myself at about age 11 or 12 i clung to the label. feminism means equality - mainly gender equality/equal rights but it can be extended to pro-choice anti-racism trans ally etc.
0,>it was shocking that neither main party pointed out hed evaded facing sexual charges that's because everyone knows this wasn't the reason he was arrested. he was arrested for exposing us war crimes. what this piece doesn't mention are the rights of iraqi women to not be massacred by the us military. this begs the question- can iraqi women have rights?assange personally disgusts me his politics are probably not feminist but this issue is much bigger than him. it's about the us war on whistleblowers and journalists in defense of us empire.
0,not really "political parties" per say but secondary to fascism itself. cause that's what his arrest is a fascist attack by the government against a free press which exposes war crimes committed by that government. he's a journalist who is facing criminal charges for informing the public of it's governments actions. nevermind that there have been zero arrests or charges against the soldiers who actually murdered civilians and first responders. or their higher ups who ordered them to commit those murders. or the government officials which sent us into these prolonged illegal wars in the first place. but hey we can treat prison like a revolving door for chelsea manning apparently so... no i don't actually have a sarcastic quip that one. what the government (both under democratic and republican control) has done to her for being a whistleblower is horrific. and now it's spreading to journalists too. assange's and manning's arrests are clear cut messages from those in power to the press saying: "shut up and stay in line or we are coming for you." and yeah assange is a rapist piece of shit as a person. he deserves to be in jail. a swedish jail. for raping a woman. in sweden. but what's happening now has nothing to do with that unfortunately.
0,according to the cbc radio reports i listened to:the swedish sexual assault charges had to be dropped because when he was in the embassy there was no way for sweden to serve assange as a part of their due process. sweden is *now* looking to re-invoke (or whatever the appropriate term is) those charges. at the moment there are no sexual assault charges against assange so the uk is appropriately processing the extradition request by the us. the problem is even if sweden re-enstates the sexual assault charges they are likely to now be the second extradition request which might mean that us gets priority.
0,this thread has made me overjoyed that people are speaking rationally about the larger charges and not calling for his head on a stick for telling the truth about hillary (even if his timing was rage inducing to hillary supporters the truth is the truth. people shouldn't want to kill a man for exposing a truth about an elected official especially potus.&#x200b;edit: i shouldna sayed larger charges other people have posted links that these women are indeed trying to bring back the charges i thought assange was a hero looks like he's a slimeball still a good journalist though. at least now i'm not so depressed that he got picked up maybe he'll have to face some real some charges.
0,isn't everything second to political parties at this point though?
0,"ms phillips later said she received in excess of 600 rape threats in a night."jfc.
0,background:the lead mep being put forward this year by ukip tweeted saying i wouldnt even rape you to this mp around 2 years ago because she didnt believe in his views. the leader of ukip then went on a bbc programme and said he only meant it as a joke....  this isnt smash or pass this is dangerous people getting into dangerous power positions again.
0,jess phillips is a remarkable person. and an absolute inspiration.
0,what the fuck.
0,this is so revolting
0,that is super fucked (no pun intended)
0,a "feminist" told me that if i didn't hate all men and want women to be considered superior i wasn't a feminist. honey that's not feminism it's misandry
0,i was told that thin privilege does not exist. the exact people who argue about white privilege male privilege cis privilege straight privilege flat out flipped the switch and used the same **exact** arguments they mocked others for having because they don't want to recognize fat people as the majority being systematically shit on.
0,that false accusations of rape in the #metoo era are extremely rare. in point of fact the only valid inference that can be drawn from the lisak study is that at a bare minimum 2 to 11 percent of rape accusations made to police are provably false. ostensibly this percentage is higher for facebook and twitter accusations as there is lower barrier to entry. i have seen too many flagrantly false accusations made exponentially worse by knee jerk support from people who dont know the facts. if you want to #believesurvivors or #believewomen as an article of personal faith that is your perogative. but dont misinterpret the ten year old lisak study to pretend you are being scientific.
0,sex work. and surrogacy. either way i don't think it's okay to buy other people's bodies. in both cases there is a small group of (rich) people taking advantage in some way over another person. not cool with it. i usually just switch to another topic like being vegan. i eat meat but i agree with vegans in general. and that is some else's sore spot. jackpot.
0,something tells me all this press and controversy will ensure that the book will become a best seller instead of fading away quietly as it probably should.
0,so it sounds like you want to run in a world where our gender values are flipped.  where feminine is inherently more valuable than masculine.  "don't be a boy about it" is a put down.  calling someone a girl doesn't have the same sting.  the reigning monarch is always a queen and families are organized around mothers.  you take your mother's name and who your father was is not important.  the most powerful diety is a goddess male dieties exist but are defined by their relationships to goddesses.  eg: gaia is the world mother.  goddess of life nature magic and growth.  herne is her nephew god of hunting.  women hold the positions of power.  they run all the guilds hold all the hereditary titles the royal guard is all women because men can't be trusted with such an important responsibility because they are men.  violence is illegal not because people are scared of it but bevause it is a childish immature masculine way to solve a problem.
0,unless your friends agreed to this i dont see how adding politics into a fantasy board game is going to be fun...
0,i wouldn't try to make the game less fun or add politics to a fantasy table top game...
0,not sure about the articles suggestion at the end that harry do it. hes not the one giving birth.
0,was gonna reply to the guy who posted the same nonsense op is about but he deleted his post for some reason. anyway here's some updated context. > while i appreciate the congratulations on a result that i worked hard on for years if you are congratulating me because you have a sexist vendetta against katie please go away and reconsider your priorities in life chael wrote.> trolls began spreading memes on reddit and twitter this week falsely claiming that chael wrote 850000 of the 900000 lines of code and did 90% of the work. wheres his credit?> chael set the record straight explaining that bouman an assistant professor at caltech helped develop the algorithm while a postdoctoral fellow at mit. he praised her as an example of womens leadership in science and technology fields.> while i wrote much of the code for one of these pipelines katie was a huge contributor to the software chael explained. it would have never worked without her contributions and the work of many others.> over 200 scientists worked on the event horizon telescope a global collaboration that captured the black hole image.> chael debunked the claim that he wrote 850000 lines of code explaining that many of those lines are taken from existing model files.> there are about 68000 lines in the current software and i dont care how many of those i personally authored he wrote.> chael suggested in his twitter thread that the sexist trolls appear to have picked him as a prop to support their false narrative.> it was clearly started by people who were upset that a woman had become the face of this story and decided im going to find someone who reflects my narrative instead chael told the washington post friday.> he added that it was ironic that they chose me because as a gay man he is also part of an underrepresented group in the field of science.> im thrilled katie is getting recognition for her work and that shes inspiring people as an example of womens leadership in stem chael wrote. im also thrilled shes pointing out that this was a team effort including contributions from many junior scientists including many women junior scientists.
0,i feel a great disturbance in the force. as if a million incels cried out with "um actually..." and dusted the doritos off their keyboards and started typing.
0,the best part is the guy the misogynists tried to credit with "doing the real work" told them to stfu.
0,it's hilarious how fragile they are how their world is crumbling down because a woman did something that a man didn't.
0,thats how you know youve made it.
0,this is why more women dont go into stem and exactly the reason why women shouldnt be put off of a stem career by this type of behaviour . these guys are loser they just cant handle being failures. they want to hate women so show them who the fuck the boss is.
0,on a related note if you watch her interviews and tedx talk you can see shes really passionate about what shes doing. i love her smile while shes giving her interviews genuinely seems like an amazing person wanting to push boundaries of space exploration and black hole discoveries. we need more people like her!
0,its so petty that reddit kicked up a storm about a female getting some well deserved credit. do you not know how positive this could have been? we need more female representation within stem - more look what you can do and yet this project and this method of trying to influence women to get involved with something theyve been told for years that they werent good enough for has been ruined by incels and sexist idiots hiding behind their keyboards. i dont know why some men dont understand the lack of representation of women in stem and why its important we start showing woman scientists and woman in games and tech - and its not for a movement or to belittle mens involvement but damn we know men are involved - we know theres a whole team of men just due to stats on how many are involved in stem. however its crazy empowering to read about a woman who has helped (along with a team ofc) make history via stem. i dont expect a gender (and race) that was never excluded from any career field to understand but just sit down. i feel incredibly bad for the woman involved due to the stupid immature backlash.
0,im male and think this woman is great. seriously the only people upset about this are folks who get angry about others successes.
0,what is wrong with people??
0,its sad that they are all trying to make excuses and discredit her just because she is a woman. if it was a man i doubt people would frequently bring up the fact there was a team behind him or even try to argue he didnt do much. fuck misogyny. im sick and tired of this bullshit. yall think that other cientific discoveries made by man didnt also have a group of people behind it? did it take away the credit of all those white males weve studied about for years? it didnt fucker. fuck you and your shitty half assed argument to try to discredit her work
0,i'm so tired of this being the norm on reddit every single day then having some front page guy make it about a few bad apples.
0,yes i stumbled into some of this rubbish from the typical sorts of shits. the most brilliant thing is that in her ted talk which probably initiated this latest story she ends by showing a picture of the full team and clearly stating that it's a team effort. linking it seemed to do the trick.
0,i don't think the public wrath is against feminism or targeting her because she's a woman. if you look at the group photo you will notice that more than 80% of the contributed scientists are men. if you read through the wikipedia page you will know that there are >100 of laboratories and scientific institutions collaborated together to achieve this feat. that means it's achieved by thousands of people including the men who built the telescope. the public wrath from men and women is targeting the bias in mainstream media which purposedly give all the credit to one young woman purposedly putting her in the focus while ignoring the hard work of all other scientists male and female. the general public is not stupid they can sense what ugly stuff the media is trying to sell.
0,haha wow. reddit incels are the lowest form.of life on the planet. hilarious how they got all butt hurt when the guy they were defending "cucked" them hard.
0,is that brendon urie in the thumbnail
0,and many of her lines are from "model code"
0,you do understand memes get made out of literally everything right?
0,fuck me these reactions is what the trolls want making a new news article about it isnt going to change anything.
0,as much as i agree that the hate she has gotten is absolutely ridiculous i can't see where the misogyny comes from.. i think the hate arouse when reddit descoverd that the media is giving one person the credit when it was a team effort. edit: if anyone can cite anything directly showing the misogyny that be appreciated. (i am lazy and didnt read the whole article)
0,please keep in mind that no racism will be allowed under the guise of feigned concern for women's issues. any instance of racism or xenophobia will be met with a quick and irrevocable ban - this is a zero-tolerance policy.***with that out of the way please keep in mind this guideline for feminist conversations regarding problematic traditions by considering [this material](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/240714229_the_arranged_marriage_of_ana_maria_cioaba_intra-community_oppression_and_romani_feminist_ideals transcending_the_%27primitive_culture%27_argument) about transcending the primitive culture argument - the author does acknowledge that a necessary part of such conversations should be:- acknowledgement that the "model" (western) culture also has its own deep issues with misogyny (and racism etc);- acknowledgement that the "model" culture/civilization has/has had a strong negative influence in perpetuating oppression in the target culture - they are in fact part of the problem;- painting an entire culture/ethnic group in an intransigent manner forces minorities in that group (including women) to have to choose between their group/ethnic allegiances and their own issues as women. quoting crenshaw she shows that they often choose the former resulting in a rigidification of regressive practices - the 'reactive culturalism';- while the above are invoked/implied in many discussions the following is too often missing:>often practices that are harmful to women within such groups areeither ignored in the name of preserving cultural autonomy or criticizedin a way that portrays the entire culture as primitive. to deviate fromthese flawed approaches it is necessary to apply feminist scrutiny to lawsand practices affecting women in minority communities. whites/westernersshould not abstain from critiquing practices involving third worldsubjects mistakenly believing that they are respecting the othersculture. uma narayan comments:>>it is not clear to me that one can really learn about another culture while notsubjecting it to any critical or normative evaluation any more than one canreally learn about another person without subjecting her to a variety ofappraisals and evaluations both positive and negative. most often thecommitment not to judge other cultures seems in effect to be a commitmentnot to express ones judgments  which only serves to insulate theseunexpressed judgments from challenges corrections or interrogations theymight profit from. therefore concern for the oppression of vulnerable groups (such as non-white minorities in western countries) should not be a stop to valid criticism of misogyny in such groups. this guideline is meant to facilitate an improvement of discussions here (so that we avoid the shortcomings of both ignoring western faults and of ignoring faults in other cultures - neither is justified).
0,i think that being growing as a woman conditions us to be more self critical and unsure in ourselves so i totally think its normal but also an influence of the patriarchy. so growing up with all that self-doubt and then coming into feminism is hard - youre always becoming more aware of everything playing against you and people everywhere due to misogyny. then not only do you have youre own personal self-doubt but suddenly see the structures everywhere holding progression back! so yeah i think its normal but push back!
0,the male advantage is limited entirely to having a greater ability to do violence. historically the ability to do violence was more important in society (because of all the male violence) and men used it to their advantage against us. now being able to hurt people is not so important. some of them are still bitter about it because they want to feel special. please don't be silly enough to agree with them.
0,many people feel like this it doesnt mean they are crazy
0,you're not crazy. there is a lot of internalised misogyny women have that makes them think like this. studying feminism actually helped me cause it made me realise that i don't have to follow the strict rules i feel imposed on me and i can be who i want to be no matter what i am
0,i relate to this. i've been a feminist all my adult life but there's still a lot of internalized misogyny that creeps around deep inside me from my upbringing and experiences in society.  when it comes into my brain in words i can refute it logically but the feelings are harder to shake sometimes. i remind myself that the self loathing that exists is not my fault and what i hate isn't actually myself nor womanhood but the patriarchal construction of what femininity is "supposed" to be.  i hate what i'm supposed to be as a woman for men but when i name all that break it down and remove it i'm much more content with what it means to be a woman and more confident that who i am fits within a more pure definition of femininity.
0,im so sorry you feel that way. i think when you feel like its unobtainable look at how far we have come. at the beginning of the 20th century we couldn't vote. now we have women in congress the senate cabinet positions and running for president. at the beginning of the 20th century women were expected to stay home and raise kids now women are c.e.o.s of major corporations and entrepreneurs we have women who are doing science research and doctors and lawyers. its not a perfect world yet but we are making progress. we are moving forward. right now metoo is smashing the normalization of sexual harassment. look up sister its not hopeless we are winning in the long run. i just need to give a shout out to my dad who raised me to believe i can do anything who encouraged my love of things that were "boys things" like martial arts and video games. he taught me i had value outside of being a wife and mother and that i owed no man anything. he taught me i was more then my face boobs and womb. we have men like my dad now who taught his daughter to be strong not settle be a bad ass. its not hopeless. women and men like my dad are changing things. they have changed things. we are moving forward. dont let old world thinking get you down sister. that is dying. we may not live to see the world where its completely gone but we live in better world then our great grand mothers and grand mothers did.
0,am a girl trying to have a career in stem. trust me it's not just you you're not crazy. this is a consequence of oppressive forces that go a long way back in our history. they are being exposed more and more on a daily basis and things are getting better. i recommend also searching or posting on r/ask feminists as well about this it's a common issue and you might get even more responses there.
0,you are not crazy.  you have just been conditioned by society to think this way.  start asking yourself why and dont stop until you can give yourself a good answer.  also know that woman have all of the control when it comes to creating the world that they want for themselves.  it hasnt always been this way because men and women have fought to deny us the sexual selection that we harness.  men by force and women by oppression and conditioning have been deciding who we fuck and whos babies we make.  if we want to change things all we have to do is decide to not have babies of men who harbor toxic masculinity.  its not as simple as it sounds but the birds were able to do it.  less than 5% of male birds have penis. because male birds could use it to force mate with females bypassing their selection process female birds chose over and over male birds with the smallest pieces to mate with and eventually they lost it.  they just have holes now that need to be aligned with the ladys hole to inseminate.  and birds have the most elaborate and extensive courtship rituals in the animal kingdom with ladybird consent being ultimate.  so in conclusion if we stop having misogynists babies and threaten the male population with keeping their penis we could end the patriarchy in a generation.  evolution gave us the upper hand.  we just have to use it wisely!
0,i find it helpful to take a long perspective.  the women who marched and organized in the ninteenth century had more than just "can't vote" against them.  they couldn't own property.  they could be legally beaten and starved by their father or husband and legally raped by their husband.  their children belonged in the property sense to their husband and they belongdd ro him too.    they did not let all those hurdles stop them.  they didn't even change most of those things in their own lifetime.  they believed that if they could secure the right to vote the rest would follow.  and they were right eventually. their daughters faught for divorce and abortion and the right to own their own property.  their daughters faught for equal pay and they are still fighting and their daughters are fighting against harrassment and rape culture.  those things were worth fighting for are worth fighting for.  we know it's not hopeless because we can see the progress already made.  sexual harassment was as natural as breathing to men and women in 1950.  marital rape was not a phrase because it made no sense to think about.  those things have changed in living memory.  if our mothers and grandmothers could get through those barriers then how can we do less for our daughters?
0,it's funny how owning a gun is decriminalized but having an abortion is criminalized. this is appalling.
0,update: my package has sent! & i posted a photo of the confirmation with the following paragraph tagging mike de wine on both facebook and instagram: dear governor mike de wine enjoy your present to abort whatever blockage is in your behind! there will be many more coming to choose from! thanks for sending women back decades of progress! this hanger is a symbol for what is to come with the passing of this bill. this bill excludes rape & incest pregnancies as well. this heartbeat bill is a clear unconstitutional violation of womens universal rights to body autonomy. it not only violates the uss bill of rights but is unlawful under the supreme court landmark case roe vs wade. it is also a violation of the united nations sexual health & reproductive rights statement that abortion is a human right. youve disregarded a womans universal rights & imposed your personal religious views on citizens with this law another violation of the first amendment. you have put the lives of ohio women in danger. you have contributed to defunding planned parenthood limiting our rights to access affordable contraceptives. the passing this bill will increase the back alley abortions we have fought so hard to end. our uterus is not public domain. my body is not a public debate. if you want to lower abortion rates allowing them is the answer. creating easier access to contraceptives & instilling a progressive sexual health education programs would greatly lower unwanted pregnancies. this chain reaction of progress can be found in other countries all over the world. for example italy germany & sweden have these policies in place and have the lowest teenage abortions in europe. i hope you reconsider your stance on this bill but i know you wont; youve already displayed your ignorance by passing it. we will fight for justice to get this overturned. we will continue to fight for womens rights & our universal right to body autonomy. roe vs. wade shall never be overturned. forever a feminist[name removed for reddit]
0,surprised this hasn't got more attention. nice job op you're a hero.
0,guess now that the captain marvel outrage is finally dying down they had to find a new project to channel their incel-rage.
0,misty s. boyer summed it up really well here : https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10156249525816313&id=607881312
0,they're employing the same idiotic thought process as the assholes that think they need to "respond" to black history month because there's not a white history month. it's always "but what about meeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!" when it simply isn't about them or against anyone.
0,the ones who filmed her and the ones who sentenced her are the ones who should be in prison i hate the unfairness
0,this is why countries such as egypt disgust me. are we really living in 2019? you'd think most countries would strife for equality in the modern world.
0,just think your 15 or 16 year old daughter/son watched this video accidentally. i think we shouldn't actually involve in such cases cause we cannot do anything in here. we have really big issues to be solved. please correct me if i'm wrong
0,here in the uk we dont have that system. yes we have juries. 15 people are selected at random from a computer system. those 15 people then go into court and out of the 15 12 are selected at random. they then get to sit as a jury panel.
0,there is much that is disingenuous about this post but i understand the spirit of it.
0,weird i served on a jury in a rape case. we were asked if we had any personal history that might cause us to be impartial but we were allowed to go into the judge's chamber to talk with the judge privately. and it wasn't an automatic dismissal there were a few women myself included that felt they would still be able to base their opinions on the evidence presented despite our personal histories.
0,from my understanding when selecting the jury. they will even dismiss people who have served in similar cases because they are looking for the least potential bias group. i dont think they were trying to make an excuse for the abuser.
0,1- thats not how jury selection works.2- served on a rape civil trial jury with men and women.
0,maybe less men would assault women if the jury always consisted of women who understand the horrors of what the victim has gone through. i'm just saying.
0,this is a terrifying read.
0,burden of proof is problematic with sexual assault.  persecution rates are horrible. we need to fix this.
0,correct me if im wrong (and i probably am). but doesnt this make a lot of sense. if youve been a victim of a crime youre gonna have biases towards the person arrested.
0,i get where they are coming from but its a little corrupt.
0,if i were a designer id tap hard into that niche and slay it. clothing designers of the world step the eff up and give women chefs their fair share of cool well-fitting threads in a wide variety of sizes.
0,doesnt that just mean that there arent many women asking the store for certain sizes or more options? like supply and demand type stuff?
0,do you have a full picture of this store coz i'm smelling a cherry pick
0,this is one of the things im not looking forward to dealing with. im planning to go to culinary school soon and i cant stand the thought of this happening.
0,what of they're just out of stock?
0,hey but y'all get an extra floor at clothing shops
0,its not sexism its simply supply and demand. they do not have that supply because there is little to no demand for that product. if you want these products design your own.
0,i thought you wanted equality? in your world there are no such thing as 'mens' or 'womans' clothing so why does it matter?
0,then lose some weight pig  how tf you need an xl chef coat? are you eating the food you serve?!
0,no i think it did what it was supposed to do even if it's not a perfectly organized movement. i still think it's fantastic that this thing got started and got the attention it received.
0,fyi im a guy commenting here. in short: me too is too small and needs to become us too!  any momentum it has should not be wasted to fix our largest public health crisis the source of the problems that me too is dealing with.-i got kinda irritated with its myopic perspective on an issue that is a crap ton bigger than it was being talked about and still hasnt been adequately done with. long story short i was living at home after a job loss and for awhile paying off school loans when i suddenly got not only a brain and body reorganization where the universe opened up and i was euphoric for like a week and a half but i also had every single planet in the universe connect and come together. it was a cataclysmic wake up like my brain i could feel if processing things quickly - recalculating 31 years worth of experience. then in my stomach and chest - something felt as if it shifted to the left and dropped into place and then had a thousand tendrils twist and integrate into my body. it was nuts. well if you didnt grow up with boundries and you just woke up to all the hidden feelings in your body to find that both your parents are basically narcisistic. it dosent come with an instruction manual.  especially a complete one that walks you through the story. i was nice i was understanding and did my best 1000x over always having to work at trying to be the better person to see how i could get what ever progress to working through this.        problem. rejection is processed in the same area of the brain as physical pain.    so death by 1000 cuts to the point i cracked one night and felt like i hit a wall and felt like committing supervise suddenly. i was mindful but it felt like i hit the hardest wall ever. and i basically found my self in a hyperaroused state that just couldnt calm down and it kept going to point every family member i went to just basically further invalidated me.   i fell into a weird traumatized loop that was hard to get out of without help from the therapist i was talking to through better help. i was a ping pong ball though that no one was putting down back on the table to rest. the problem the 2nd time i saw my sister i tried talking to her and explaining how i felt and basically i got told im the problem again. and yet some how 7 mins later what did i get a giant lecture on..... me too!! movement!!!!!i respect what the movement worked/is working on. but to be honest that was not the time to talk to me about how we have to do things to stop these powerful men from abusing women in the work place. me too! is a natural evolution of women in the work place its essentially just a movement to renegotiate boundaries which is useful. general x women it was. - if you dont like it leave the room millennial women - we want to be in the room at the table because if we leave the room we cant be at the table.        and with how women tend to on average have higher agreeableness yet here is my problem im sitting here dealing with symptoms of ptsd (there is a reason the body blunts those feelings growing up so this dosent happen)getting lectured about powerful menwhen what i went to my sister about was power too it dosent matter where it is power is power wheather its authoritative positional power or relational power in families. its all power based on attatchments and tribes. and it hits me during this lecture i got a couple of things.1) its the narcisists that lead social movements. not the npd ones per se but def for sure the sub clinical ones.    trust me i have my sister lecturing me  and then got a cousin who leads a department at a major newspaper and reports and pushes me too often and helped break some of the stories on it. i my self am a 7/10 where 5 is healthy on the spectrum went out and brought 2000 families into a character based program during my time working. we are out there one way or another pushing movements its the malignant ones you have to really watch out for.  now i admit we are a high performing narc family but still a narc family. yet still we can push me too all we want but these issues willnever go away untill we fix the core issue. one that all the information is out on already including a data driven process to the prevention of childhood trauma and maltreatment.https://www.annaageeight.org/anna age 8 the data driven plan towards the prevention of childhood trauma and maltreatment. every:govermenthealtheducation civic/religious/ youth orgleaders all need to be asked one question...whats the plan to prevent childhood trauma which is at epidemic levels?and when they give you a blank stair get them and the other leaders to a table to take the anna age 8 training and to start created an integrated plan to prevent these. get their contact info and their willingness to start talking it up and contact them when a day has been set for the other leaders. childhood traumas devastating impact on healththis is treatable. this is beatable. the single most important thing that we need today is the courage to look this problem in the face and say this is real and this is all of us  she said.[watch nadine burke harris ted talk: how childhood trauma affects health across a lifetime](https://www.ted.com/talks/nadine_burke_harris_how_childhood_trauma_affects_health_across_a_lifetime) [harvard: childhood trauma impacts article](https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/news/hsph-in-the-news/childhood-traumas-devastating-impact-on-health/) trauma of any type fixates is on our own experience its a normal reaction and defense system behavior. the problem we have been so busy demonizing people which is easy and comfortable than to recognize this is literally all of us!that yes we need to erect proper boundaries but when we dont go any further and fix the core issue at hand then we miss the chance for real fundamental change. so yes how about an us too movement now i may be a guy  and ive supported me too it made sense wasnt against it in any way. but it didnt stir my soul you want something that will pick that core issue that is all of us for waking up to this crap and realizing that having the chance to explain and piece together ever piece of my experience growing up in a way that couldnt be refuted.  i may be getting some of my stuff together still but if you dont think im going after every mayor and superintendent i have in my phone located on the 3 separate service areas i served prior to today.    each areas was about 20 towns and total available youth ranged from 30000 to 60000 in each. the problem - the trauma movement wont take off on its own. its deliberate knowing that for once we can make real change in this country that is so core to our existence that it will improve just about everything. and it can use the support of me too.  because sexual assault is just a piece of what im proposing we tackle. i talked to someone who thought the issue could be fixed in 20 years and im sorry little ethan an anna dont have that long to wait because it needs to be fixed 10 mins ago. and unless we want this to be ignored for a 5 time in history its a torch we all need to carry.
0,all dresses should have pockets 2k19
0,my wife and sister noticed the other day that my 2mo nephew has real pockets in his pants. what does he need pockets for? why are his real and theirs not?
0,i couldn't imagine this being controversial on a feminist sub those tiny pockets/fake pockets are a very stupid kind of stupid.*brother saw my screen and said "yes. i've always complained about that."
0,i have started only supporting pocket pants companies. pact makes fair trade cotton leggings with full pockets that fit a phone (on both sides) and they are awesome.
0,but where is the lie???
0,its a ploy from bug purse! they want us to spend money on bags!(this is half sarcasm)
0,my new american eagle jean's have pockets that are big enough for my whole hand fingers spread! and big back pockets too. its amazing. i went out without a purse! i'm super in love
0,he isn't wrong tbh.
0,oh hell yea those tiny pockets are bullshit
0,i'm sick of people saying it's our fault for buying pants with shitty pockets in the first place. do they know how hard it can be to find pants that fit a non-standard body type and have pockets and don't cost an arm and a leg? especially in a rural area where you have to travel an hour or more to get to one store that sells jeans because buying pants online without being able to try them on is such a risk.
0,haha my sister always gets mad at how all of the pockets on her pants are fake
0,finally someone said it!
0,i can't imagine what it's like to wear jeans without pockets. i just buy my pants from the men's section.
0,wha? is that really something ppl should make signs for? educate me.
0,what does this mean?
0,i only buy mans pants and pockets are one reason for that.   when i needed some pants for the gym i spent a lot time finding some with pockets that fit my phone because i need music.
0,mens suit also have tight pockets
0,or any pockets not the bs fake pockets i wasted my money on once not knowing any better
0,he's right. a lot of you women are getting quite fat. bigger pockets are definitely in order
0,women have to demand it. companies respond to demand and right now a majority of women do not seem to want larger front pockets
0,women don't spend 2hr 48min per day cooking.
0,why does this matter
0,and this is relevant how?
0,this isnt because of relevant sexism today but it is due to the fact that in older generations women had less opportunities. today it is actually flipping with female students have much higher acceptance rates into universities. this shows that in generations to come this could likely be reversed (while probably not as drastic as this source claims) because there wont be as many stay-at-home moms (which for the record mothers staying at home to take care of their children is expected because of maternal instincts). either way its unfair to say this is sexism (and btw none of the women i know cook nearly this long).
0,stupid idea. causes more deaths than abortion by itself!
0,that is a truly stupid idea why would you ends someones life for making a choice so many ignorant unfair people.
0,ha if that happens i cant wait to see the back lash
0,lol they're expressions are exactly the same derpy lookin ass
0,she probably ran intellectual circles around them. pos
0,>as compensation for her year's service she was paid one dollar. after only a year in office she declined to seek reelection.wtf one dollar only???
0,this story should be made into a film.
0,jokes on them she won
0,they must have thought of her the same way we think of towns that have a goat or something as the mayor. disgusting.
0,just like modern times
0,ah fun times.
0,very similar to the first woman senator in 1922. she was appointed in ga and was basically just a proxy for the governor  who was going to run in general election so he didnt have a real opponent.
0,hope she at least did a good job. and didnt go through any childrens book scandal like our mayor is going through....
0,from the article: **it's fascinating to watch** the language of food consumption mutate as it travels across genders. for decades "dieting" was the domain of women. it looked like weight watchers it looked like snackwells it looked like south beach but whatever it looked like it was always portrayed as something simultaneously necessary shameful pride-inducing hated and ever-present. the term became a victim of gender contamination as amanda mull [wrote in the atlantic](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2018/10/tech-industry-diet-products-have-whole-new-language/574390/) which is when a product or idea becomes so female-coded that men are no longer willing to engage with it.instead men  and the companies that cater to them  found new ways to describe food restriction. not weight loss but performance-enhancing. not look great but perform better.not count calories but disrupt calories.the most [provocative tweet](https://twitter.com/michellecyca/status/1115654588793675782) posted in response to dorseys interview started to go viral:> tech bros discovering that anorexia makes you hyper-focused and euphoric is the dumbest trend of 2019.&#x200b;i dont know whether were moving forward or backward or just into the upside down. its both remarkable and depressing to watch jack dorsey blithely describe a diet that would put any woman  or any non-wealthy man  into the penalty box of public opinion. its both thought-provoking and aggravating to think about how tech bros have managed to hijack the whole dieting concept. to move from youll never guess how many calories are in just one of these to the experience i had was when i was fasting for much longer how time really slowed down as dorsey said in his interview. one wants to grab him by the hoodie strings and bellow thats not mental clarity my good man  thats starvation.whats most interesting is how this group acts as though theyre disrupting the way we consume food. theyre not disrupting the way we consume food. theyre just doing the same crap women have been working to stop doing for years.
0,yeah but men are more likely to get convicted. it can go both ways and it's not as simple as you're trying to make it out to be
0,but more likely to not need too
0,women also get shorter sentences and are less offten convicted
0,when youre paid 70% of what men make for the exact same job thats what ya get. it fucking sucks ass.
0,leftist exbf thought he wasnt sexist but had an awful tendency of defending rapists and blaming women for their own assaults. my dad thinks he's a feminist but constantly says awful things about men who do even slightly feminine things like cook or bake and puts down everything remotely feminine in order to feel more masculine and it's just exhausting trying to explain why he's being misogynistic.
0,most people aren't as liberal or left of center as they like to think they are. that goes for people of all genders.
0,brocialists are a thing unfortunately. imo if you claim to be a feminist with male privileges you have to admit that you can't fully understand misogyny because of experiencing it first-hand and constantly try to better yourself with that in mind.
0,i do not believe at all in the goodness of the invisible hand. "free markets" are not "good". left alone things can end up hurting humanity. i therefore think that planning is important. my morality is based on utilitarianism that we should strive for the greatest benefit for all. all of us on the left are not good people. nor all on the right bad. but i strongly believe in this meta goal. i think this socialist/utilitarian approach is by nature femenist. we will not survive as a species without fully empowered women.
0,we are a only ever can be our concepts. its why we need to deliberetly build them. people dont realize that concepts are emotional as they are cognitive.
0,can people stop conflating being left and right wing with being liberal and conservative (small c)/authoritarian. when you say you're left or right you're talking about economics eg. you believe in more state spending in social programs or less big government vs. small government sort of thing. being liberal or conservative relates to your opinion on social issues one can be left wing and conservative just as one can be left wing and liberal. the same goes for the other way around. the guy was probably left wing economically but more conservative rather than liberal on the social issues front.
0,its not unconstitutional its a step in the right direction.
0,i am a christian egaltarian and i approve this message. that sounds like a horrible book. i am so sick and tired of the lies of comp teachings. wake up church! jesus didn't promote oppression!
0,so this cosmic being created the almost incomprehensible vastness of the universe and he's a dude who demands that people follow a rigid set of genitalia based laws. when you tolerate douchnozzle behavior by the funky smelling hairy backed dude you gave your virginity to on your wedding night it is pleasing to this all powerful being. he has revealed this in ancient times to people who wiped their asses with their hands and wondered where the sun went at night. as it is written in the new testament in phallacies3:16 god loved people so much that in all his divine revelations he never bothered to just drop some actually useful knowledge like "hey asshole. i created this shit called bacteria. all your kids died because you wipe your asses with your hands and then get it everywhere. cut that shit out yo. it's fukin gross"
0,could someone please elaborate the meaning of awrah?
0,islamic version considers the voice of a woman awrah is a stretch. fundamentalist/wahhabist islam is not the inherent version of islam.(source: a secular feminist muslim woman)
0,islam is oppressive to women whether a woman practicing it acknowledges it or not
0,i saw this image unedited on the news a couple days ago and found it very powerful. good post.
0,i love this version. it looks like she is even more powerful. hopefully this is the beginning of a change.
0,there should be more of these posts on this sub. the fact that most of these posts are on the western world is very discriminating to woman in the middle east who are truly oppressed and don't have a voice. white middle/upper-class women in the western world are one of the most privileged groups in the world i would say second only to white middle/upper-class men.
0,universities in the uk are getting filthy rich now on fees there is no excuse at all for not focusing on reduction of sexual assault.
0,again its not that simple undoubtedly there are more sexual assaults in uni's on both men and women than what the statistics say. most of the time it's their word against someone else and that by its self is not going to get the rapist if they did do it (that's another problem potential fake claims) jailed. you need more evidence so i think the way to solve this issue is with educational and legal change. i don't know what legal/educational change that is maybe harsher jail time bigger fines more councillors etc. and finally many people make their judgement instantly that the person is instantly guilty so just remember innocent before proven guilty.
0,rape isnt as big of a problem as liberal media makes it out. think for yourselves don't be the sheep cnn and abc and nbc prey on.
0,some people are confusing interest in her work with erasing the entire team that worked on the project. does anyone think it would be inflammatory at all if a man had written the program algorithm and was featured in much of the news? but because she's a woman we have people upset that others are praising a woman's scientific accomplishment. "i just think *everyone* who worked in it should be featured." *posts a 500 person photo in which you can barely make out anyone's face while people say katie doesn't deserve any attention in the comments and generally trash her because she didn't do the work of 500 people entirely herself*
0,> *the effort wouldn't have been possible without katie bouman who developed a crucial algorithm that helped devise imaging methods.  three years ago bouman led the creation of an algorithm that eventually helped capture this first-of-its-kind image: a supermassive black hole and its shadow at the center of a galaxy known as m87. she was then a graduate student in computer science and artificial intelligence at the massachusetts institute of technology.*  >  > *bouman starts teaching as an assistant professor at california institute of technology in the fall.*
0,pretty sure she is not a grad student but actually an assistant professor now.
0,i love how happy and excited she looks in this picture. well deserved that her name is out there.
0,i don't mean to diminish her contribution but in these sorts of enormous collaborations putting all the focus on one person is pretty ridiculous. here is the list of everyone who contributed to this part of the project.>the event horizon telescope collaboration>kazunori akiyama antxon alberdi walter alef keiichi asada rebecca azulay anne-kathrin baczko david ball mislav balokovi john barrett  dan bintley lindy blackburn wilfred boland katherine l. bouman geoffrey c. bower michael bremer christiaan d. brinkerink roger brissenden silke britzen avery e. broderick dominique broguiere thomas bronzwaer do-young byun john e. carlstrom andrew chael chi-kwan chan shami chatterjee koushik chatterjee ming-tang chen yongjun chen ilje cho pierre christian john e. conway james m. cordes geoffrey b. crew yuzhu cui jordy davelaar mariafelicia de laurentis roger deane jessica dempsey gregory desvignes jason dexter sheperd s. doeleman ralph p. eatough heino falcke vincent l. fish ed fomalont raquel fraga-encinas william t. freeman per friberg christian m. fromm jos l. gmez peter galison charles f. gammie roberto garca olivier gentaz boris georgiev ciriaco goddi roman gold minfeng gu mark gurwell kazuhiro hada michael h. hecht ronald hesper luis c. ho paul ho mareki honma chih-wei l. huang lei huang david h. hughes shiro ikeda makoto inoue sara issaoun david j. james buell t. jannuzi michael janssen britton jeter wu jiang michael d. johnson svetlana jorstad taehyun jung mansour karami ramesh karuppusamy tomohisa kawashima garrett k. keating mark kettenis jae-young kim junhan kim jongsoo kim motoki kino jun yi koay patrick m. koch shoko koyama michael kramer carsten kramer thomas p. krichbaum cheng-yu kuo tod r. lauer sang-sung lee yan-rong li zhiyuan li michael lindqvis kuo liu elisabetta liuzzo wen-ping lo andrei p. lobanov laurent loinard colin lonsdale ru-sen lu nicholas r. mac donald jirong mao sera markoff daniel p. marrone alan p. marscher ivn mart-vidal satoki matsushita lynn d. matthews lia medeiros karl m. menten yosuke mizuno izumi mizuno james m. moran kotaro moriyama monika moscibrodzka cornelia mller hiroshi nagai neil m. nagar masanori nakamura ramesh narayan gopal narayanan iniyan natarajan roberto neri chunchong ni aristeidis noutsos hiroki okino hctor olivares tomoaki oyama feryal zel daniel c. m. palumbo nimesh patel ue-li pen dominic w. pesce vincent pitu richard plambeck aleksandar pop stefanija oliver porth ben prather jorge a. preciado-lpez dimitrios psaltis10 hung-yi pu venkatessh ramakrishnan ramprasad rao mark g. rawlings alexander w. raymond luciano rezzolla bart ripperda freek roelofs alan rogers eduardo ros mel rose arash roshanineshat helge rottmann alan l. roy chet ruszczyk benjamin r. ryan kazi l. j. rygl salvador snchez david snchez-arguelles mahito sasada tuomas savolainen f. peter schloerb karl-friedrich schuster lijing shao zhiqiang shen des small bong won sohn jason soo hoo fumie tazaki paul tiede remo p. j. tilanus michael titus kenji toma pablo torne tyler trent sascha trippe shuichiro tsuda ilse van bemmel huib jan van langevelde daniel r. van rossum jan wagner john wardle jonathan weintroub norbert wex robert wharton maciek wielgus george n. wong qingwen wu andr young ken young ziri younsi feng yuan ye-fei yuan j. anton zensus guangyao zhao shan-shan zhao ziyan zhu joseph r. farah zheng meyer-zhao daniel michalik andrew nadolski hiroaki nishioka nicolas pradel rurik a. primiani kamal souccar laura vertatschitsch and paul yamaguchi
0,meanwhile my news feed has been flooded with photos of andrew chael with titles like "this is the man who's really responsible for the photo of the black hole." they just really can't handle the fact that a woman is getting credit for this. if it were the opposite scenario -- with katie "writing all the code" and andrew "leading the project" would you expect 90% of redditors to rush to katie's defense and make sure she gets credit? no. there'd be a few threads in /r/feminism type subreddits and that would be it.
0,thanks grad student!
0,lots of people made it possible she contributed alot of course but so did alot of other people. a massive team of over 200+she even said ' "no one of us could've done it alone". "it came together because of lots of different people from many different backgrounds."
0,that was one of the biggest discoveries in probably all of human history
0,don't just thank her though thank everyone involved both men and women. it's stupid and disrespectful to the rest of the team to say it was just her work that made it possible for the image.
0,i have deleted my other comment as many people have worked on this project and all team members had a hand in this. my facts did not have a primary source and i dont want to go around spreading lies. all im saying is that everyone should be credited instead of posts saying that she is single-handedly responsible for this. she told us herself that it was a team effort.
0,a true hero but im wondering if her name will be just as remembered as steven hawking's or einstein's
0,it's 2019. voting wont happen until 2020. so any poll that comes out a year before the election even starts is going to be wrong. also it's been white male presidential candidates on both political parties for a while. i don't see why race and gender have to do with who to vote for. i will vote for who i think will be a strong leader regardless of gender or race.
0,who fucking cares?
0,i definitely feel this unfortunately. i also dislike how sex positive feminism has made it impossible to talk about the negatives of sex work. before you down vote me let me make it clear that if you are genuinely not hurt by sex work and find it enjoyable more power to you. but this should not invalidate the experiences of women who have been hurt by this industry. not everyone chooses to do sex work or enjoys it and it is important as feminists that we uplift and support women of all occupations.
0,yeah.  i've seen this.  hopefully it's just a case of "some people will bully others about anything" but i wonder if it's not a general problem with how the us talks about sex.
0,also ive found that sex positivity has encouraged young women and girls to allow themselves to be objectified as if its empowering and straight men have definitely taken this and ran with it. i cant tell you how many guys when rejected sexually by me said something along the lines of i thought you were like a modern empowered woman!! lol. i also had a guy who i had a brief casual but very intense relationship with come back into my life looking to hook up again and when i told him no because i didnt want to get hurt he was all but arent you all empowered and sex positive why cant you separate sex from emotions?? um because sex and emotions are biologically linked for species survival and no amount of feminism can undo that??
0,i agree completely. i'm relatively "kinky" and embrace it. however i've also seen my girl friends deal with a lot of shaming because they don't like the stuff society now believes they should. ex: one of my friends constantly shares these edgy memes about being choked during sex. one of her friends commented something along the lines of "cool but not for me" and was shamed for it. it's odd.
0,yes absolutely. i see this with sex work too. something like 80% of women in the industry want out but we ignore them for the 20% who don't. the sentiment is positive let women do what they want with their bodies but sometimes it goes too far.
0,yes! i actually had a situation today where i was accused of being a prude and not supporting women because i asked my coworker to stop discussing the details of her sex life at work. im still trying to wrap my head around it tbh.
0,yep. im very sex positive extremely so but this is how ive always been since i discovered my own body sexually. i have however noticed a lot of friends that are ultra competitive try to out-kink others when i know for a fact they arent normally into a lot of those sex acts or situations. an example i have would be a friend from childhood. shes a very competitive person and suffers from fomo a lot. shes made out with other women only to regret it or turn around and insist shes not really bi or even remotely bi-curious. she just doesnt want to look lame or vanilla compared to a lot of her friends. shes also agreed to have threesomes with her current and previous partners when you can tell shes highly uncomfortable with it but she feels like shes not the cool girlfriend if she isnt down. i do think sex positivity is a part of it but i also think a lot of it is due to unhealthy comparisons and competitive behavior. a lot of women see sex positive women as being put up on a pedestal (majorly by men) or being referred to as the dream and then naturally want to achieve that status as well. and the ones who have healthy personal boundaries know better than to engage but still get left feeling like less-so. its not right :/ and im not sure how to solve it. i dont think telling other women to tone down their otherwise healthy sexual urges is the solution though.
0,it's rough. when i actually ended up having to read andrea dworkin and catherine mac kinnon's works i thought i'd dislike them but it turned out that i felt like they were definitely right on a lot of points. within the second wave there were a lot of fairly sex-negative feminists partly in response to the "sexual revolution." i mean the sexual revolution had the potential to really liberate women's sexuality especially in how the pill gave women an option for birth control that didn't rely on the cooperation of male sexual partners. but it also came in a time and context where those advances could easily be caged back in by patriarchal thinking. attempts to control women's sexuality went from largely coming from one angle ("no sex outside of marriage! you must be a virgin for your husband so he can know his children are his!") to becoming a wildly confusing two-pronged approach that now included "since you're now sexually liberated you must stay sexually available for men."at least when things were wildly repressive before the expectations were clear but in the interim between the earlier stage of the sexual revolution and continuing to today we still have to deal with bullshit like the thought that someone should be "a lady in the streets but a freak in the sheets." in other words that women should somehow be expected to meet two completely contrasting ideals that both leave women themselves with little to no agency over their sexuality. unfortunately i feel like mac kinnon + dworkin made a huge error in pushing for the anti-pornography ordinance since it lead them to ally with staunchly conservative groups that were all too eager to "agree" on one issue while being absolutely horridly anti-feminist for far too many others. the same issues carry on to today unfortunately. for example for sex work there are all too many clients who are not at all concerned whether the sex work they're involved with is remotely ethical. like ethical sex work in which sex workers take home the lion's share of the profits from their own sex work can be a good and empowering thing even though it's taking place within the context of a patriarchal and capitalist society that's happy for sex to be transactional. one of my friends who got into sex work straight up blew me away with her professionalism (i wish i could organize my life nearly as well as she organized clients and taking precautions to stay safe). but just because she is able to ethically engage in and benefit from the industry doesn't mean that most people are. all too often there is someone else who disproportionately benefits from someone else's body (whether in commercial porn which all too often treats actresses as disposable underpaid commodities for how much money their effort will earn the company or with prostitution where a bad pimp or madam takes home most of the money someone else earned).
0,i havent encountered this thankfully but shaming someone for having vanilla sex is the opposite of being sex-positive. we need to make a better effort in not calling things that arent feminism feminism. its the reason the movement gets such a bad rep.
0,a few years ago i was involved in the local kink community and was often meant to feel "less than" for being/wanting monogamy. ugh.
0,i am friends with many open couples and when theyve talked about stuff where i had no input and i didnt input they acted as though i were being rude. look dude not everyone is into being tied up susan you do you but i dont care about your rope class!
0,i think it's sad that the whole discussion about sex negativity got so entangled with radical feminism (terfs) that we are almost afraid of talking about it. sex can and is used to pressure women and i know a lot of women who had sexual experiences before they felt ready because of the pressure to "not be a prude". it's really two sides of the same coin and we got stuck only talking about sex positivity because no one sane wants to be mistaken for a terf.
0,i have actually never seen vanilla used as an insult that's pretty shocking to me that someone would do that. the kink community is usually really huge on acceptance and understanding of any consensual sex related activity between adults. if anyone is trying to shame someone into having a certain intimate experience (kink isn't inherently sex though it can easily revolve around or lead to sex) that's never remotely appropriate or acceptable. i haven't seen what you're describing but that's messed up wherever it is happening.
0,vanilla is one of my favourite flavours. love a good vanilla cupcake especially when its made with real vanilla pods. my fave candle is vanilla scented. i feel a bit judged every time! but i dont care if im basic then im basic i love vanilla.
0,i'm sorry you've had that experience. is it possible you've fallen in with a group of unusually unpleasant people? my spouse and i are pretty "vanilla" and get no grief at all about it even from friends who are themselves not vanilla in the slightest.
0,as an asexual woman i couldn't agree more. i'm all for sex positivity and against slutshaming but as i don't feel sexual attraction it made me feel like i was a "bad feminist" for some time
0,i understand where you're coming from and have heard things like this before but i think this is almost a "too much of a good thing" situation if that makes sense. women are finally feeling comfortable enough to talk about their kinks and be sexual creatures so it's not totally surprising that some people would take it too far by accidentally or intentionally shaming others for not being into the same things.  this is definitely a problem because no one should ever be shamed but after decades of women's sexualities being suppressed i think this is a negative symptom of something generally positive.
0,ime "sex positive feminism" means have sex all the time with everybody. and while you are at it film it and post it online. have some guys jerk off to it and post that. sex positive!  i'm exaggerating to make a point but not by much.
0,i definitely do believe sex groups can be like that. like other groups kink circles can be highly toxic. i'm in highly sex positive groups and some people can just shame people who are interested/not interested in different stuff. this seems to be a problem in the overal sexual minority community. people can attack other people for being interested in different stuff.
0,that's not my feminism. i know that sounds stupid but it's the same shit i've been hearing since i was 15 and pressured into sex because i was being called a prude and told i'd be broken up with if i didn't (by a friend regarding what the bf had said). i recently got in a fight with a friend because she sneered that a different girl was a prude. why does that have to be a bad thing? shaming people for too much or too little sex too kinky or too vanilla... just stay the hell out of everyone else's sex lives and stop being assholes. i already hear the whore/prude bullshit from men i don't need it from women too. it's worse coming from women as well. so shitty all around.
0,i recently watched an interview of rashida jones who has worked with women involved in amateur porn. she talks about how pop culture has normalised the sexualisation of everything. she very pertinently points out the difference between sexuality and sexualization. and to an extent i agree with her with twerking become a norm you need to go above and beyond that to establish yourself in the music/movie industry. therefore more and more kinky/sexual stuff becomes the benchmark with which everything is compared to. she also points out that while sex positivism is a good thing at the same time it is very limiting. a lot of celebrities capitalise on their sexuality (as sex does sell) & it limits you to go beyond that in real life. a celebrity who is sexualised (be it britney spears or justin beiber) will find themselves compartmentalised in that cliche. not just celebrities but even in your daily day-to-day mundane life everyone is expected to always look sexy/sexual. a daily commodification of people. link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plyszpvy ed4
0,i feel this as well. i feel like as a woman in heterosexual sexual relationships im made to feel as though i need to have a level of sexual openness that is not always easy. like im expected to the moment sex is on the table lay down my needs and make sure the guy is down for them. what if i just want to be a giver? then im made to feel shame because im perpetuating a stereotype. i just want to unpoliticize sex and make it something more personal again.
0,yup i have a lot of trauma related reservations regarding my own sexuality and expressing it and i feel like i have no space to set that boundary in some circles cause we're supposed to be fully open in these conversations at all times
0,it's funny cause in my feminist group it's actually the opposite? i'm always like "plz no kinkshame"... they say stuff about how liking it rough is fucked up and a result of porn brainwashing. how loving to slap women in bed is terrible and a mirror of everyday violence...   so i don't really understand where you're coming from with this i have such a different perception of it.
0,i also think that people in these circles are telling girls far too young that being sexual is good and you should do it. not saying it isn't or anything but this message is being applied to everyone when it shouldn't be told to 14 year old girls and such.
0,as a homoromantic asexual i really appreciate this post.
0,in kink circles i've never heard the term "vanilla" used in a derogatory way only in a way that means "they're not interested in kink."where do you see it being thrown around?
0,shaming people for being vanilla is gross imo.another thing i don't like is people online taking other people's boundaries as an attack or repression.  like people who horny post all the time being asked to hide posts from me or content warning stuff getting mad at me for that.
0,this just sounds like a failure to be truly sex positive more than anything else
0,i agree wholeheartedly. i like that the stigma around sex is slowly being removed but i often feel like it is becoming too much.
0,one of the greatest internal issues of feminism is the fact that some feminists think that feminism should be about choice and equality (i.e. you can absolutely be a rocket scientist brain surgeon or athlete but if you want to be a stay-at-home mum that's cool- as long as its what makes you fulfilled and happy) whereas other feminists have a list of what is 'permissible' and a list of what is 'unpermissible' in a 'good' feminist.  personally if i wanted someone telling me how i 'should' behave what i 'could' do and what was 'acceptable' and 'unacceptable' i'd not be a feminist!
0,i know what you mean and as a vanilla person i used to feel awkward around my more sexually adventurous friends. but i don't know if that was me being uncomfortable and feeling ashamed or if it was them being uncomfortable and trying to act like they were "right" about sex. when i was younger my very vocal girlfriends basically convinced me that sex was awesome and i should have it often and freely. i wanted to be cool and sex was something the women i thought were cool had a lot of. i thought i was doing it wrong since i was not orgasming not enjoying any kink getting emotionally attached to sexual partners feeling bad about myself for sleeping with a lot of people. but my friends said it was fun so dammit i kept trying! it really wasn't for me. after having ridiculously amazing sex (albeit vanilla) within committed relationships i'm really comfortable with my relationship to sex and the lessons i learned from my attempts to be adventurous. now that i'm older i've noticed that sex talk among friends is truly more positive than it used to be. my ladies are comfortable with their sex lives. some are in closed relationships some in open or poly relationships others are single and have lots of sex others have no sex at all and are thrilled. anyway we are all more interested in relating and connecting honestly about the pros and cons of sex. i think when we were younger we were trying so hard to fight against ideas of sexual oppression that our sex positivity was framed in a prescriptive way for others as well as ourselves ("you should like sex! you should like all the sex! your discomfort is prudishness."). now it's just fine for you to do you whatever that means so long as you aren't hurting anyone including yourself. oh! and my girlfriends who are more into bdsm play have always been super mature and supportive about each person only doing things that they enjoy. but that seems to come out of an acceptance and comfort with their own sexual selves.
0,do whatever feels comfortable for you. whether that's not having sex at all or fucking the entire neighborhood on super bowl sunday (i mean a guy in philly literally ate horse shit off the street in celebration when the eagles won last year weirder things have happened that day). just as long as you're safe honest and respectful about it so you don't hurt your or your partner's feelings. that's what a sex positive society should be.
0,i think women need to grab the bull by the horns. the world is changing and women need to be the beacons of hope as well as work like hell to save the planet. we can do it!  women and men are closer to equality than we've probably ever been. it's time to rise and shine like the dawn that we are! so i think sex in general needs to be put in its place. which is not dealing with the patriarchy's bullshit agenda to subjugate women. i agree that being "normal" in bed may seem boring to some however there is much to be said for a natural amount of intimacy.
0,yes! i feel this all the time. i think it comes out of the ideology of 2nd wave feminism. before there was a pressure to say no to sex and there was (and still are) the push and resist dynamics between men and women. nowadays theres a pressure to say yes. second wave feminism tried to argue that womens sexualities were oppressed and mens sexuality was the right way which in itself is androcentrism and i mean second wave fem has its own problems with intersectionality but........
0,i think this falls along the lines of feminists shitting on women who consciously choose to take on more traditional roles (domestic) wear religious garments that promote modesty etc... it's not your life. it's hers. being a feminist means giving her (and every other human on the planet) the agency to express and pursue the life and identity she/he/ze/they choose.
0,i dont like any sort of feminism that allows men to call women degrading names beat them or control them. thats not good for anyone.
0,overly sex positive activism is just as bad as sex negative in my opinion. in both circles you end up with the problem of purity spirals and a sort of clique-y-ness about things. what's wrong with being sex neutral and leaving what consenting adults do with each other behind closed doors.
0,can someone please define what is 'sex positive feminism'? or is it literally just as it sounds.
0,i love vanilla in all its forms great smell great ice cream and missionary is the best position!
0,tbh it seems like it comes from our response to shame the normal. i like to embrace my weirdness and "abnormality" as much as the next person but shaming people for being "normal" is going too far
0,i think most people already accept that different things work for different people. my impression has been that this is also a huge point for the sex positive movement - do what you like and don't do what you don't like and it's nobody's business.
0,your opinion is irrelevant you're fucking stupid. activism is what will bring this country down.
0,today at work i listened as my female coworker told me that although harsh she was okay with the bill. i was floored. i kept my mouth shut the entire time and just nodded and said shit like "yeah that's your opinion... okay yeah i could see that" while seething on the inside at her hypocritical selfishness and shortsightedness. she brought up about how it was hard for her to get pregnant (okay and?? so everyone else should be punished for your individual experience???) and about how that baby didn't have a choice that if you choose to have sex... yada yada. but she was okay with making a medical distinction. what. the. fuck. i just couldn't even. i let that one go because i needed to focus on work and don't talk about my personal (radical!) beliefs like that often much less at work. i am still really bothered by it. i seriously want nothing to do with her after today. luckily my desk is moving soon. i just don't have respect for someone like that. oh and she talked about how she wishes people just would stop fighting for rights lol like everyone's rights "just focus on loving each other". i mean where do you even start a conversation with someone like that? i truly truly do not even get it. and we work in a progressive field!!!!!
0,damn thats a lot of data.
0,a meme account i follow on instagram posted this and so many of the comments were like there were over 200 people on this team it wasnt just this woman. if this was a photo of men next to this data all of the comments would just be like wow cool thats crazy no one would say it wasnt just this man there was a team of over 200 of them! the rest of the comments were something along the lines of why is this data in the kitchen? and wow these women will make great wives but please  continue to tell me we dont need feminism in 2019..
0,yes but how is this feminism?trust me both of them did amazing things but1.) neither of them wanted all of this credit so it is slightly disrespectful2.) neither of them pulled all the weight for these accomplishments granted they did a lot but for media to give these two people all this recognition is unfair to the rest of the team male or female.
0,excellent frauds*!!! sure those two women were the only ones who made that discovery  nothing but a fraud.
0,how about the other 200 scientists that stood back 95% of the code?
0,tw for graphic descriptions of abuse in the page six link.&#x200b;from the article:heard adds that after r[eporting depps abuse](https://pagesix.com/2018/10/03/johnny-depp-denies-amber-heard-abuse-allegations/) and following their divorce in january 2017 some people have claimed she faked her injuries. many people called me a liar (without ever hearing my story). i was dropped from a global fashion brands upcoming campaign. i lost a part for a movie in which i had already been cast. people i have never met or spoken to threatened me with violence. i received so many death threats i had to change my phone number on a near-weekly basis.people accused me of having abused johnny. that simply is not true. i never attacked johnny other than in self-defense (and in defense of my little sister). i have never physically abused anyone. i know what that does to people.she adds instead i have attempted to promote good in the world and to advocate an end to domestic violence. i have sought to use my public persona to speak out on an issue that was extremely meaningful to me and millions of other women and men every year. i have spoken out about violence in public but i have always avoided specifically referencing johnny or recounting his violence against me not only because i wanted to move past that phase of my life but also because i was constrained by the terms of a strict confidentiality agreement that johnny had insisted upon as part of our divorce settlement.
0,im currently reading how to come alive again by beth mc coll (you may recognise her from her hilarious twitter).
0,daring greatly by bren brown.
0,i wish the publicity from this wasn't so dangerous for her.
0,so sad that theres places in the world where women are treated like this. heartbreaking
0,i hope she's able to get her message out and stay safe.
0,i really want to know what she is saying. i asked in instagram but i guess no one speaks english.
0,she's an absolute hero for doing this and i'm so glad this is going viral. i wish all the best to her and our brothers and sisters in sudan who have to fight this oppression.
0,i wanted to actually contribute to your thread before saying you don't need to specify "women and women-identified" cause they're not different things but the only feminist themed party games i could think of would be super nerdy like instead of guessing who people are from baby pictures guessing authors/books with the titles hidden which felt like something people wouldn't enjoy at all.
0,i dunno seems like your family is right about what the bible says. if that's a problem for you maybe you should quit the church entirely.
0,https://juniaproject.com/case-women-pastors-new-testament/thought the link might help. if i were you i would point out to my family that the verse and chapter numbers weren't added until the middle ages. so taking one verse and deciding how to run a church is stupid. paul writes positively about women prophets and speaking tongues. (although he does want everyone to be orderly). in his letters he greets important female church members. there is a lot of wiggle room for having female pastors. some people might use the verse in corinthians about women being silent but in other parts of the bible  paul clearly gives  rules on women making prophesies and speaking in tongues. the only way to make these different verses  agree is if you accept that paul is speaking about specific issues involving individual churches. i am no longer a christian so you might want to ignore my ramblings. lol
0,women can be preachers. this video will help explain it. nothing in the bible prohibits women from teaching men or being preachers.   [short video on why women can teach men even in church.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbvjk yz kmvq&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=iw ar0a2f99njsc ccdq svfdoe si7bhz emqyj m9j ys wokj tqd sjw ztgs tm6m ouk)
0,don't go to church. any church. all churches and all religious people are evil and never to be trusted. churches and religion have been tools for men to oppress women for ever. even if you do go to this new church it will only be a matter of time before you see that they are just as prejudiced and hypocritical as they are anywhere else.
0,it sounds like the root cause of all of your issues is the bible. as sick as your family's interpretation of scriptures is it's the *correct* interpretation. that book is not for thoughtful people or feminists. it sounds like you've already recognized that your ethics conflict with your religion. you should just throw one of them out.
0,timothy wasn't even actually written by paul. it references political events which took place after he died. like many religious and philosophical tracts of the time it was posthumously attributed to him by the author as a gesture of respect and a claim to be in the same vein as his teachings (as the reader at the time would have known full well that paul had passed away and could not have actually written it). you've gotten some pretty good resources already in this thread. and a lot of people making some pretty sweeping statements about the fundamental nature of christianity and religious scripture in general. the thing is that these writings were intended for a particular time and place and responded to the philosophical and political happenings of the time. having a deep questioning skeptical understanding of those aspects vastly increases the richness and relevance of the literature. the strain of shoot-from-the-hip biblical literalism that both fundamentalist christians and the ardent opponents of any relationship with christian scripture insist on is a recent phenomenon that has nothing to do with the complex meditative and narrative power these works contain. look up "hermeneutics"--and don't let anyone tell you how to do it if they dont even know what it is!i grew up christian went atheist and then went to a college that taught me about liberation theology and the tradition of christian social justice work. i will never believe the doctrines of christianity that i was taught as a child. but i am very thankful to have these meaningful narratives and this sense of connection to many historical figures and movements with which i deeply identify back in my life again. you have to decide what feels right for you and you'll have more options as you grow up. know that no doors are closed for you.
0,im an episcopalian & we have women priests and bishops. an overview of the ordination of women in wikipedia may help https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ordination_of_women_in_protestant_denominations  - lots of denominations ordain women
0,>women in maharshtras beed district are working in sugar fields for almost six months at a stretch. however their employment has a prerequisite: they have to surgically get their wombs removed so that they dont menstruate at all.  >  >according to a report by the [hindu business line ](https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/economy/agri-business/why-half-the-women-in-maharashtras-beed-district-have-no-wombs/article26773974.ece)cane cutting contractors are unwilling to hire women who menstruate so hysterectomies have become the norm.  >  >the national sample survey office (nsso)[ states](https://thewire.in/agriculture/no-budget-for-indias-invisible-women-farmers) that the agrarian sector nearly employs 80% women workers. despite such high numbers both the sector and the macroeconomic policy framework are yet to recognise them as farmers.  >  >moreover 81% of the female agricultural labourers belong to dalit adivasi and obc communities (ilo 2010). the largest share of casual and landless labourers also come from these social groups.  >  >yet women have to literally pay through their organs to keep their jobs.
0,what the actual fuck. is it cheaper there to get a hysterectomy than an iud/oral birth control??
0,lmao just don't work there
0,amazing job she and her team did! really proud of all of them.
0,yes i was teaching the two young boys i share house with about this they were so totally impressed.
0,i agree it was a history changing discovery but i dont think theyre giving enough credit to all the other people who helped throughout their journey the team was made up of over 200 people and she seems to be the only one getting recognition. (and yes i know all the data she collected for it)
0,yes she did a great job but stop giving her all the credit she did not even ask for it. yes she did a lot but there are a shit ton of people on that team who likely had equally important jobs as her male or female.
0,shes a fraud she did only 3% of the work! the rest was done by her male teammates. f*cking fraud.
0,that's horrible. it's hard to say what exactly should be done in this case as i don't think its really possible to reason with someone so disgusting. have you and the girl tried reporting this guy to the teacher/professor? i think that could be a good first step.
0,this video is quite useful for explaining consent which it seems he has trouble identifying https://youtu.be/o qbei5jgi t8
0,how old is this boy?
0,so he doesnt know that you cant inappropriately touch girls at 15 but apparently he has developed a set of political principles that are obvious enough even for another child to interpret?  sure. you should be finding an adult and letting them deal with the situation.  if hes as dangerous as you seem to think youll make yourself a target.  probably someone to avoid in the future.
0,i'm still baffled by people who perceive naked bodies as sexual. they are not unless in a consented sexual context. apart from the clit no body part is solely sexual. i'm attracted to women and due to being born i saw them in changing rooms yet never was attracted because i automatically read the situation as non sexual. people who can't are simply predators.
0,as a fan of nude hot springs and a man i can say beyond a shadow of a doubt: nudity is not inherrantly sexual. if people are all equally naked and there is no sexual subtext your body won't react sexually. i'm nineteen my body reacts to anything remotely sexual but i've never had any sort of reaction in nude hot springs. if anything nudity is a great equalizer and it leads to conversations with people you'd otherwise never really think to talk with.
0,i made it nsfw just in case.
0,even if she's not asking for it she's got my respect and admiration!!
0,i think the impact that pornography has on this subject is monumentally underrated. as someone who was introduced to it at a very young age and has struggled for years to recover from it the way these objectifications and entitlements of the female body become engrained are absolutely insatiable. seriously need to make regulation of and controls of pornography a top priority in gender equality. putin's one crazy bastard but he's got that right.
0,holy shit these comments are a dumpster fire. what happened?
0,well public decency is still a thing. i usually dont see guys or girls walking around shirtless asides from at the beach or pool.
0,i mean nudity is not inherently sexual and i support the idea behind this gesture. i don't however agree with the gesture if she hadn't written on herself and was just at the beach or doing something that was too uncomfortable to do when wearing a shirt or whatever. i can only think of a few situations and all involve working near water or in muddy environments where you wouldn't want to mess up your clothes. wearing a shirt isn't repression anymore then not wearing one. it's more of a health and cleanliness concern. i personally don't want to bump into someone's sweaty chest male or female while working or walking around and a shirt keeps a majority of street grime and grossness off your body. if you want change and change to be accepted just start doing whatever it is you think should change don't call undo attention to yourself and ignore and shrug off the nay sayers. you'll just be seen as an attention seeker then. gradually people will accept and join you when the see it doesn't harm them in anyway. edit:wow. the number of you that think i'm a man in the pms. kinda sad. hopefully some of you read this and realized their are better ways then standing around with you chest showing. i wanted equality so i took it not with a sign complaints and some chanting song about an uprising or whatever but with affermitive positive action that belittled no one. man or woman.
0,> *the event a first of its kind in kurdistan is called the 100 women street gallery and will take place on april 16 at the famous erbil citadel.  a diverse group of female artists academics humanitarians entrepreneurs politicians and athletes from the ranks of both contemporary and historical kurdish and iraqi women are among those who will be recognized at the event.*  >  > *the initiative was launched by the international group female voices of the world (fvw).  founded in 2016 fvw aims to draw attention to the accomplishment of females of all generations and backgrounds around the world especially in the kurdistan region.*
0,south korea one of the most technologically advanced societies but so behind when it comes to women's rights. having lived in seoul for a few years it will always hold a special place in my heart. and i am so glad south korean women are speaking up. totally with all of you.
0,this is a really interesting post. i wonder what other reasons people have to be attached. i personally think that we hold on to things because letting go would make us vulnerable. as if letting go is akin to forgetting. thanks for sharing.
0,in canada (manitoba) it's even worse but here it's not invisible theres even a foundation called missing and murdered indigenous women
0,cnn is fake news
0,"celebrity takedowns of pseudoscience beat a mountain of data every time". why is this true?
0,wow.  i thought adult women were the opposite of what clerics were into.
0,this is revolting. years ago i heard comments from a member of my own family saying rape within a marriage isn't the same as "real rape" because if it were only up to the wife there sometimes wouldn't be any sex for months and that's "bad for intimacy". the husband has to force himself on her then and most of the time she ends up liking it anyway... just don't fucking have sex for months then for fuck's sake. don't rape the woman you've sworn to love and respect!there's this frightening idea that a woman in a marriage or any long-term relationship has to be sexually available. like she's not her own person with her own agency who is loved by her partner but instead she's like a sexual pet. ugh. it's so disheartening to hear there are places in the world where even the law still supports the rape of women.
0,old guys trying hard to control women. this chief justice of india should be forced to resign for these comments.
0,what about autistic males like me? you wouldnt dare trash an autistic person.
0,six weeks old. might as well give the right to a zygote maybe even to the dream you had of conceiving.
0,the article in summary:* ryan magers sued the alabama womens center for reproductive alternatives an abortion clinic in madison county for providing his girlfriend with an abortion two years ago. * magers asked his girlfriend repeatedly to not get an abortion but she went through with the procedure when the fetus was six weeks old.* upon petition probate judge frank barger granted magers the ability to sue on the fetus behalf.* this is the first time in the country that an aborted fetus has been recognized as having legal rights* this lawsuit is one of the first to take advantage of a measure passed during the november midterm elections when alabama amended its constitution to recognize the rights of unborn children including the right to life. * the amendment made alabama the first state in the country to add what opponents called a fetal personhood clause to its constitution.
0,as a former alabamian i know there are some things that non-alabamians dont know about the state. during the recent special election where roy moore (pedophile and law breaker) went up against doug jones (guy who fought the kkk in court) a lot of people i know bowed out of voting because they didnt want to vote for moore but couldnt stomach voting for jones who supported pro-choice. thats how ingrained abortion hate is in that state. they were willing to risk a pedophile winning rather than a pro-choice candidate. thankfully jones won but it highlights a blindspot in that state. democrats and abortion are held in the same light as satan for a good number of people there. 
0,that's crazy.  why would anyone live in such a place?
0,ok the fetus has rights... does it have the right to use someone else's body against their will?  if my six year old needs a kidney transplant do they have the right to demand my kidney against my will?makes no sense.
0,i'm sure that it will have a lovely time talking to it's lawyer and hashing out the case. 
0,this is disgusting. 
0,welp that sets a dangerous precedent 
0,the worst part of this seems to be the power that this womans boyfriend was just given over her body by speaking for the fetus.
0,well i just got sued by my last fap under the legal precedent established in the 1983 case every sperm v. sacred.
0,i live in madison county and im currently pregnant. my doctor happens to be the one that runs that clinic. there are roughly three doctors in all of alabama that preform abortions. these assholes set up outside of the doctors ob/gyn office and yell at pregnant women about how their doctor kills babies. im 8 months pregnant and obviously not interested in getting an abortion they have been out there for my last two appointments. these people do not care about babies in the womb if they are actively yelling and stressing out women trying to have a healthy pregnancy. i hate everything about this.
0,this motherfucker has just gone and ripped body autonomy right out from under women in alabama. what the actual fuck? 
0,that's not a good sign. hopefully this doesn't catch on in other states.
0,blessed be the fruit.
0,thats is beyond ridiculous. so a woman gets an unwanted pregnancy and goes a clinic. and then a man sues the clinic on the behalf of the fetus for his own profit?  aside from how crazy a fetal personhood clause is; whats stopping this man from just creating another unwanted pregnancy and then getting more money from another lawsuit?  
0,im 25 and i live in ms. until this we had the most restrictive ban in the country. recently i had a pregnancy scare and although ive always been pro choice and have always knows how difficult it was i came face to face with the challenges i would face to get an abortion. this disgusts me. absolutely. i hope all the women out there do not give up. keep fighting. i will. 
0,this is absurd 
0,...a *dead* fetus. what? the? fuck?
0,so what is next? giving plants rights? you know those are gods creatures and they may even feel pain.  sight.
0,i can't believe it's not an onion article.......
0,we are inching towards the future portrayed in rain without thunder constantly.
0,could you plan an event? you can get some of the hours by posting fliers publicizing creating connections with feminist groups on your campus and finding people willing to help out. good feminist-related events i attended at uni included a sexual health "taco-eating" workshop with tacos served and an alternative menstrual products workshop.
0,hello visitors from other subs if you choose to treat this as reality and not the satire it is (especially if this is your first or only recent comment here) youre going to catch a case of the ban.
0,i mean they were practically asking for it. we should check their backgrounds have they ever donated to charity before? clearly they just love to give their stuff away and are just now regretting it.
0,wearing rolexes they were certainly beckoning for women to rob them they should have worn simple clothing instead of wearing something as suggestive as that. they were asking for it.
0,the mra's crying about this are making my day. then again mra tears are always welcome.
0,10/10 post op you are an international treasure
0,please please please be satire!
0,ik its sarcasm but why cant people just be kind. i could not give less of a shit what gender you are just dont be an a**hole.
0,this is a joke right?
0,i want to hope that the person who typed this was kidding
0,why do you always have to complain rape culture and the patriarchy when its really only some lonely ultra conservative 50 year old inbred who thinks like this
0,i get what you are going for but these men were still drugged and robbed. its the golden rule and 2 wrongs don't make a right. we also don't know these peoples political views. they could have been very stonch women's rights activists. no one should victim shame on either side.
0,you wear a rolex to look rich not to get robbed.
0,could you make a list of music artists as well? women in the music industry(especially rock) never get enough credit.
0,this is a text about how women artists have been more prolific than we think because they were eliminated from memory by art historians and museums. how is that not feminist?
0,i'll check this list out! thanks for posting.
0,that is an object.  the statement id tap that. is a complete objectification of a person.  they become a thing.  a thing to be used with no inherent humanity.  yes it is a cultural norm but the its rape culture that produced it.   if a person cant hear that explanation and be loathe to use it after theyre an asshat.
0,while it is an extremely demeaning phrase it's quite likely that what he said didn't really even register to him. he probably just sees it as a "joke line" that doesn't really mean anything. you need to speak openly with him. explain why it's a bad phrase just like you did here because it reduces the target of the phrase to an object instead of a person and that complimenting someone's appearance shouldn't be reduced to pure sexuality. if he responds badly then yeah you've got a problem. but he might understand and start seeing a small part of life a different way and that's a good beginning.
0, if you're young and/or early in your relationship with your bf it's perfectly normal to have complex reactions to things like this. (it's also normal when you get older/ have more long-term relationships but the tone of the experience changes simply because you know youreself and your partner much better). your feelings don't necessarily have to have a rational basis at least in the sense that there must be something "objectively" sexist in what your bf said. it could simply be that you don't like hearing your bf talk in ways you associate (for whatever reason) with sexism.  my personal opinion is that among friends saying something like that is not really any worse than commenting on the good looks of people around you. whether or not its appropriate to say something like that out loud is heavily context dependent imo. being out at a bar with a bunch of friends discussing celebrities is a lot different that loudly making comments to each other as an attractive woman walks by. that said i know that i had a tendency to be fairly insecure (i make no apologies for it i had no idea what i was doing) early in my relationship. any comment by my so that indicated a willingness to sleep with another person made me super uncomfortable. it was also really easy to read this discomfort as virtually anything else rather than what it really was: jealousy. again i dont actually think its wrong to feel this way or to even ask him not to say things like that around you. it might however be a bit much to ask him to stop entirely depending a bit on how he feels about it.
0,yikes. i'm not gonna say you should break up with him but you should consider that some men just won't change their antifeminist ways and figure out for yourself if it's worth putting up with. i left my ex for many reasons but his inability to empathize with women was a big part of it. if there's too many of these issues with him don't let him fool you into thinking you can't find someone who respects you better than that. woke men exist and they want out of these toxic gender norms too. im not sure how you should try explaining again because it would depend on how open minded he is to hearing women's experiences. a man who refuses to accept that women are objectified by phrases like that either doesn't understand what objectification is or just doesn't care but it's usually a bit of both. sometimes there's hope that he'll understand but most of the time change takes years or having a daughter or never. try r/ask feminists too they might have some advice for you there too
0,to answer your question the saying "i'd tap that" is neither inherently sexist nor demeaning. sexism is a man made concept we humans created. if something is sexist it isn't because it is inherently that way but because someone perceives it as such. there is no such thing as an inherently sexist thing as any perception of sexism is just that a perception. to put it another way if you think it is sexist then you are neither correct nor incorrect and the same goes for the other way around if someone doesn't think the saying is sexist then they are also neither correct nor incorrect.
0,'i'd tap that' is really only something that should be said as an obvious joke (see jabba the hut) otherwise i'd say it's rather objectifying.
0,yes this is demeaning but it says more about the person than it does about sexism. people of any gender can be rude or distasteful.
0,when entering a mosque just as when entering a jewish cemetery or a synagog it is indeed good practice for men of any faith to cover their heads as a sign of respect. doesn't have to be an authentic muslim or jewish cap. any respectful hat will do. as for considering the victims humans vs muslims they weren't murdered for being humans. they were murdered specifically for being muslims. i don't think a show of solidarity for a frightened muslim community to show them you're not part of a culture of hostility against them needs to be diluted to be a show of solidarity for all mankind instead. that's just as bad as when guys come in here to argue sexual assault is really a human issue denying that it's heavily gendered. it was an attack targeting muslims. none of this is an endorsement of islamic values. dismantling the baggage of that religion can still be a long-term goal but in the short term a lot of people deemed it more important to side with the *people* of muslim faith putting their possible objections against islam on the backburner and focusing on promoting solidarity first. to show they stand against hate against muslim *people* such as the attack in christchurch which wasn't an attempt to reform islam but a hate motivated attack on muslims. you can stand against that and still oppose islamic values.
0,its to show respect to the lost ones. stop making everything about womens right. have some decency as a human being.
0,as with all generalizations some of her statements do not apply to all cases. i am sure that one can find some situations where the sex worker does not engage in this out of need for survival or due to abuse/trafficking - there may be women who might simply enjoy it (moral aspects of commodifying sexual consent aside). however i too personally believe that most of the industry is one of abuse and rape where one endures far more degradation (and risk of rape beating abuse and even murder) than pretty much any other industry out there. to me this is an industry of abuse of sexual slavery - where capitalism as exploitation of those misfortunate shows one of its ugliest faces; perhaps only war capitalism is worse. perhaps. obviously this is a condemnation of the industry not of those suffering because of it; we have a zero tolerance policy for anyone denigrating sex workers as persons be it attacking their dignity or humanity; a quick permanent ban is the only answer for such cases and any persistence will just lead eventually to account suspension.
0,the first thing that pops to my mind is to tell them to never go into any situation with a woman expecting sex from her. for example taking her on a date to a dance buying her a gift paying for her meal etc. too often society perpetuates the idea that women owe sex to men. secondly when men voice their opinions on womens bodies specifically negative opinions or sexualized opinions- this is only perpetuating the oppression of women and need to be curbed. thirdly ditch words like slut bitch whore cunt from your vocabulary because i (as a 20 yr old female) can guarantee that this wont impress any female.
0,maybe (at least in my opinion) differentiate between 1st and 3rd world feminist movements as 1st world feminism in particular got a lot more  populistic than it should be (e. g. the now infamous "questions for white men" video from buzzfeed) and also is almost as misleading in some ways as the right (good example is the gender pay gap where there was a very complex topic which both sides viewed in a very simple manner) whereas there are still some simple human rights that get violated in 3rd world countries (e. g. genital mutilation of young girls).
0,read up on and promote indigenous feminsim happening across the globe. some points that may be crucial to add for the consideration of new students:feminism should be viewed not just as historical events and a present day theory/framework but as active advocacy for human rights. feminism is political personal and should be an accessible label and conversation. feminism should be about prioritising anti-sexism approaches to life and living and celebrating the exploration of womanhood and gender. feminism is a thoughtful conversation more than it is a list of rules.
0,fourthly if youve noticed that women speak up less in class / work situations  its because they do as women have been silenced and given less rights than men historically and therefore have less confidence overall. that being said validate women when they do speak up truly listen and support and help women to speak up in the first place - ask their opinions  you just might learn from them!
0,teach them that feminism is simply believing that all genders should be treated fairly and equally. nothing else. its not taking away their rights. its not a bad thing. teach them that unless they think that woman deserve to be treated less then them they are feminists. show them some famous male feminists that they can look up to. teach them about the history of feminism and how far it has come but also how much more needs to be done. tell them to talk to the females in their lives about the sexism theyve experienced; catcalling online by other family members at work etc. so they can find out how many people it really impacts
0,why are you instantly apologizing for being a man leading a feminism group? you took the initiative and started it because you have passion and are interested is helping the young learn about it. do not apologize for being a man. that's something you should teach those boys. men are men and women are women. they are equal and different.
0,if you haven't just go to nude-only places. if you have a nude sauna in your area that would be a good place to start. a nude beach would also be great. the most surprising part of this experience for me was how comfortable nudity can be even socially. one would assume that especially in a nude environment it mattered how conventionally attractive someone is but in my experience the opposite is the case. nudity isn't sexualized in these environments and clothing is actually a far stronger social divider than our naked bodies. a naked person if not sexualized is just a naked person. especially in a sauna or at the beach where you can't even have makeup or fancy hair. our clothing says how we see ourselves. with it we're telling the world whether we are to be treated as attractive. we wear something that accentuates our bodies instead of something that hides them - unconventionally attractive people are often taught to think dressing themselves up would just be "putting lipstick on a pig" so instead they wear deliberately shlubby loose fitting clothing so as not to "overreach" and wear something they don't deserve to wear - but these choices only exacerbate matters (that is if they could reasonably *find* flattering clothing for their size or whether it would be financially feasible to get it if their weight is fluctuating.)another huge divider is whether there are differences in class! clothing immediately shows this. whereas when you're naked you're just another human. nudity in my experience is a refreshing comfortable equalizer. i hope you're going to make that experience too. you're going to love it and it's going to be so helpful for you! best of luck!
0,i guess you could start off simple.  just go nude around the house and see how it feels to just be nude doing normal stuff (cooking sitting on the couch watching netflix etc.). note that im just an explorer of this sub (not a feminist) so my opinion here probs doesnt mean as much. just a disclaimer*
0,take ur fucking clothes off simple
0,this is a question better for r/nudism or r/naturism both have plenty of users (in the lgbtq+ spectrum too) that can help you
0,imagine lying to someone instead of just telling them you're not interested
0,he doesn't want to know if it's a fake number so that he can force the real one out of them. he want's to know if it's a fake number so that he deosn't waste his time thinking the person's interesting when they're not. it's ridiculous that you can't just say that you're not interested and that you instead have to waste their time and effort when you didn't care about them in the first place.
0,if a guy asks you that just tell them that if they werent paying enough attention to get it right the first time they must not be too interested.
0,lol giving out fake numbers. women will always be women liars and masters of deception 
0, i always loved history education and design. this is the final result of project i've been working for several months. i illustrated and designed this coloring book on "controversial" or "radical" feminist that not many people know about. the list includes women such as comandanta ramona marsha p johnson tawakkul karmn + many more. this art book is free for everyone who are near the hosting areas (local galleries bookstores libraries). i wanted to create an accessible education tool designed to be digestible for all ages and get more kids and adults in creative spaces mentally and physically!(this is just a project i did for fun its not available to buy online)
0,i would love to download a pdf of this and share it with others. i would also happily support you on patreon or pay pal for making something amazing like this available to us.
0,this is so wonderfull! amazing work :)
0,since you dont like it don't go?
0,it's a christian program christian women are called to be modest. also those suggestions are not absurd. you wouldn't go to an office job interview in a crop top. it's just a more professional environment. it's just a way to show your respect for them.
0,i love it!!
0,omg nice work!
0,this post definitely looks like it upset some salty bois. report the trash when you see it. thanks everyone and op
0,im sending this to my mom who thought it would be perfectly acceptable for joe biden to touch her like he did that woman who felt uncomfortable with it. she said times really have changed since when biden and i were young.edit: i told her there were likely many women who would have been uncomfortable but that men and women who felt like my mother would have made them feel like they couldnt speak out. she agreed with me. i can see in her face the internal battle between this damn pc culture! and compassion.
0,i don't think she knows what social norms are... it was the norm to disregard women's wishes mainly. now it's not.
0,yeah unless that guys a super good looking dude then its okay to touch her. womens logic... 
0,the story here is that it took so long...
0,we're making progress as slow as it may seem keep the good vibes up!
0,many nations have had this military law for hundreds of years it needs to spread faster though. 
0,the fact that i did not know about this goes to show how one sided out portrait of feminism can be. we must remember all women and not look away from the most difficult portraits of being a woman
0,let them in
0,this is 1945. times have changed.
0,had they replaced it already. says as much in the article.
0,appalling. but i'm curious why this is presented without context beyond that it's from a small town in indiana. it may be important to know st. ferdinand high school (now forest park high school) went public in the school year of **1968-69** ([source](http://www.jdcpl.lib.in.us/yb/fhs_1969.pdf) p.6) so that's how old that "news" is. the school had its first male principal in 1969 after only having sisters as principals since it was founded ([source](http://www.jdcpl.lib.in.us/yb/fhs_1971.pdf) p.2). it may also be interesting to note that the current principal dr. jamie pund is a woman. ([source](https://www.sedubois.k12.in.us/1/content2/faculty))
0,so things were different 50 years ago? 
0,the top 1% of males that support this broken patriarchal system would disagree.
0,i read an article a few days ago (buzzfeed?) about the white dudebros who are hurt by equality and have killed as a result.   people like the charleston shooter the incel in toronto the nz mosque shooter.  
0,i can think of many times people were hurt by attempts of equality but none of them were true equality though it is also hard because equality could mean something else to everyone though i do love the sign
0,the ussr was pretty equal likewise chairman maos china
0,jesus christ. this is one of the nastiest most toxic collection of comments i've ever seen. where the fuck are the mods?
0,i don't think the episode was really about "girls can do anything boys can do" it was more about sabrina continuing to do the wrong things for the right reasons pushing her further down the dark path.  and she only had to cheat at the test because a male cheated and f'd up her studying.  theo was a different situation.  he needs to learn to accept his limitations (not being good at basketball) but sabrina won't allow him to because her own weakness is not being able to let her friends suffer.
0,i mean tbf the contest was heavily biased against her. the male candidate only got one question and it was just"what is a pentagram". also it showed how the other candidate went out drinking with the boys club while sabrina was actually studying which implies the contest was never to be held in good faith. the basketball bit was dumb though.
0,also salem doesn't talk anymore. lame. 
0,i mean she also couldnt study because she was fighting for her life and so three women who shes usually adversaries with come together to help her overcome two unfair advantages that nick had: an extremely biased questionnaire (as nick again had a laughably simple question and zelda remarked to sabrinas first question that even i couldnt answer that. he then continued to question sabrina even though its obviously supposed to be abab format) and the inability to study due to circumstances outside of her control. its about women putting personal feelings aside to work together to overcome an unfair disadvantage and men caring more about keeping the status quo then investigating an attempted murder of a woman because they dont like that she rocks the boat. yeah sabrina has its fair share of disappointing moments but this aint it.
0,they lost me when they set it up so that the head of the witch organization was a man. lazy lazy world building.
0,wasn't this exact thing just posted?
0,lmao that whole show is just ..mmmm
0,pretty much truth. people gotta learn the basics of consent. i thought it was simple but apparently not. im saying this to young me as well. goddam girl if you don't want it you don't want it. that's not your fault! 
0,giving everyone a message "don't be a rapist" is pretty redundant. starting at a young age to teach *all* people to respect each other and what that means for behaviour in platonic and sexual relationships both in terms of what you should and shouldn't do and the standards of behaviour you're entitled to expect from others; that shit is pretty fundamental.
0,i like to drink. i don't drink and drive because i'm not a massive egotistical piece of shit. i have a dick. and i keep it to myself unless someone else wants to see it because i'm not a massive egotistical piece of shit. yeah when a guy feels insulted by this subject i can't help but suspect him. even if he's not a rapist it feels like he's laying ground work in advance to protect his own ego in case he hurts someone later.
0,real answer- it takes time education and self reflection to not take it as a personal attack. there was a time where this would have pissed me off but i took a look at my world views and why it made me mad. i listened to women about why they felt that way. i learned more about the larger cultural context. sometimes stuff like that can be jarring and you don't want to be lumped in with rapists but you don't question the assumptions of the society that you live in that contributes to the culture that normalized rape culture. you see yourself as apart from that and hearing that reflects uncomfortable truths about your world view. it's not easy to change but it's needed. 
0,yup most men and women will never rape anybody so why care. question is how do you stop the few men and women that actually are the problem? 
0,i totally agree that rape is bad and men should be taught better but where do we drawn the line on consent? i've heard people say that we need to ask for consent every 45 seconds during sex? that's ridiculous but i'm asking in all seriousness: what is *your* definition of rape?
0,women can rape too gays can rape too. why not advertise it to everyone?
0,most of the messages accuse men of raping not just tell them not to rape. also "stop raping" is saying "do not continue to rape" which accuses men of rape.
0,absolutely agree but when someone takes it too far to the point of saying all men are rapists that's literally sexist by definition and should be called out
0,contra is taking over this site. i love it. 
0,contra proints is so incredibly amazing. she brings up complicated issues up for discussion in such a nuanced hilarious and light-hearted manner while still getting across the point and the significance of the topic at hand. i just have so much praise for her. 
0,natalie is one of the most articulate people i have ever come across! she is intelligent and eloquent.
0,*excuse my beauty. terf.*power move of the century right there.
0,yes transgirl here love seeing contra on this sub.
0,this video really helped me. i always knew these terf arguments were flawed i just struggled to explain why they were flawed in such an articulate way. i feel like i now have a better understanding of the logic behind these arguments/truths.
0,i love her so so so much. her video on incels was amazing and this one is no different. i love her ability to talk about issues in a very nuanced way and how she  tries to present her opponents view points thoroughly and without off-handedly dismissing them. she may not agree with others but she at least she explains their point of view a bit more sympathetically. also that 'sip the teapot' moment nearly fucking killed me. 
0,the queen of you tube spreads her domain! gods i love natalie 
0,i have yet to see a better approach to addressing such a blatant anti-intersectional hate group.
0,i love natalie  shes truly a gift 
0,so much love. 
0,i will be a 100% honest i did have concerns as she put it. but this video was soooo educating. i know its not trans peoples job to educate everyone but i found this so helpful and insightful.also when she says a-mock i died! haha 
0,in my youth i never related to other males after a while i thought i was a woman. i am not a man or a woman or trans i am me. everyone is unique. for a long time i never used labels for myself (punk nerd ect) because the second you give yourself a label like that there is some predefined thought that you are conforming to. any label is constricting to a growing mind imo. " i am he and she is she but you are the only you. no one else has got your eyes and can see the thing you see" 
0,shes incredible! also i havent seen much about terfs before and its awful to see feminists turn on fellow women. hopefully we can start making feminist spaces inclusive again. 
0,"it rattles my chromosomes"  
0,i love natalie so much. so articulate and intelligent she manages to word all my dumb thoughts into coherent clear points. really happy to see that her platform and following are growing 
0,never heard of contrapoints but i watched this whole thing she's really amazing and this is a great video!
0,i just recently started watching natalies videos and now i cant stop. she succinctly articulates so many complex topics without necessarily demeaning her opposition. it definitely helps that her worldview aligned with mine in many ways but she has helped me think about many things differently as well. shes already my favorite you tuber.
0,the queen of lefttube.
0,it is refereshing to see natalie here.
0,i remember my dad complaining that germaine greer was not allowed to speak at a university. his company is really into their lgbt rights. i sent him this video asking if what she said would be acceptable to his company. cue backtracking 
0,i didn't watch the whole video yet but i figured out a long time ago that terfs embody the very irrational hatred of all men (and those who happened to be born with male parts) that feminists deny they should have: "we don't hate men we just hate the patriarchy that oppresses women!"meanwhile transgender people both men and women are oppressed and brutalized as much as cis women ever have been and terfs not only don't give a damn about their suffering they actually help inflict some of that pain! so i wrote about that:https://dalehusband.com/2016/02/27/terfs-are-no-better-than-mras/so i know little specifically about this germaine greer person but i really don't think we should be calling her a feminist anymore. 
0,all hail the queen!
0,shes so smart 
0,i just fell in love. she is so beautiful intelligent and funny!
0,contrapoints is amazing.
0,that is a perfect presentation. 
0,there is always going to be unconscious bias. but it sounds like everyone involved is trying to limit theirs. it comes down to if you believe you would be more valuable to the meeting then your co-worker. if you believe you would be. then you absolutely should voice that in a respectful way that makes your coworker and boss feel good about the decision. in other words if you believe you are the best person for this role you should be able to sell it. i find that when everyone leaves a situation feeling positive it helps the team. if you believe that you both would bring equal value. then suggest a fair way to decide between the two of you. if it were me i would be voicing my desire to go. if my coworker also voiced his desire and gave valid reasons. i would suggest a competition maybe just a coin toss. if he declined the competition and still insisted on going. i would also insist. this is my opinion so there may be better responses but in this case since only two people can attend i wouldn't place gender to highly. since that would mean your male coworkers would never be able to go to client meetings that consist of your boss and one other person because your boss is male. if there were three people and they were all male then that would start to raise flags depending on the composition of the team. 
0,sort of defines patriarchy. always leaves you guessing if it is you.
0,well delegating you to note taking is totally sexist and you should definitely fight that as you can but i don't know your job so i can't give specific tips except to argue since you have more experience it should not be your job to note take and maybe if you can point out that anyone can learn to be organized and someone out of college should be practicing that. not you with your experience. and that does point to there being bias overall. it's always difficult to know when to self advocate and when not. and women seem to suffer either way. if they didn't self-advocate they are usually told it's their fault they didn't get that opportunity or promotion. but often when they do self-advocate they are seen as too demanding and problematic. so it really is tough to give advice. especially for a field i have no idea about. but if you really want the spot i say fight for it make it clear you have a positive history with clients and more experience. but that's easy to say when it's not my career on the line too.
0,this is what happens when men ostracize women for literally anything they start by saying how much they support us and are huge fans of women then go ahead and do degrading acts of violence and battery against women. 
0,imagine thinking that a woman's appearance is the only thing that matters about her and that her having an appearance she wanted to have is somehow sad obviously this is a tv show so it isn't even a real life examples of that but still
0,third most upvoted comment in that thread:>this makes my dick cry and not in a good way also from this thread:>that's (w)horiffic what a charming bunch.&#x200b;
0,shame on her for becoming her authentic self! clearly the short time we have on earth should be spent living behind a facade to give the menfolk something to pretty to look at.
0,that's actually mean i'm with you on this one no one should pick on cancer patients. but we can all take a lesson from her even though she has a life-threatening disease and it looks like a broken arm she is still smiling
0,looks like a turtle
0,it's why in response to the phrase "suck my dick" i say "lick my clit". everyone shuts up 
0,it's easy to forget given the whole "most visible form of oppression" quote in the article that this goes both ways. my sister is muslim a convert in the united states. no family pressure or social pressure to wear hijab. she wears the hijab and gets so much shit for it. i say yes fight back against countries that force women to wear the hijab. but also allow women to make their own choices and respect those. also i would argue that if there was a visible symbol of oppression that most often distinguishes those women wearing it by force instead of choice it would actually be the burqa. most muslim women forced or not wear hijab but that ratio changes for burqa. some women do choose to wear one out of desire and that should be respected. but it is not required in islam just allowed so most women don't tend to if they don't have to. you see most of them in areas that enforce them although again i'm emphasizing that those women who choose to should have that choice respected. 
0,genetically modified skeptic did a great video essay on this with the help of 3 ex-muslim women who are opposed to the world embracing the hijab (https://youtu.be/v vp z0fzc8sy).
0,this is literally just one person's opinion many many muslim women have argued against this rhetoric (and are ignored completely):http://rabble.ca/columnists/2018/02/hijabs-feminism-and-hypocrisy-mainstream-narratives-womens-liberation
0,also she's been criticized before by other iranian feminists and has basically become a pariah in the muslim feminist community since standing with trump on some of these issues:http://web.archive.org/web/20190205234243/https://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/how-the-trump-administration-is-exploiting-irans-burgeoning-feminist-movement she's ayaan hrsi ali part 2 and let's not forget ayaan ended up being a huge liar.
0,i just wish feminists would call out islam as they call out all religion. they are all ridiculous and as idealogy deserve critisism and critique. 
0,this woman is protesting against the government and societal insistence on women wearing the hijab and calling out what she sees as enablers. i find it puzzling that "intersectional" western feminists are unable to see her point of view. almost as if "feminists" (i use quotes because feminists are not part of a monolith) are choosing a side
0,if the country forces women to wear it and you wear it youre on the wrong side.if the country makes it illegal to wear it and you wear it youre on the right side.
0,just finished reading the power and loved it. it's apparently being adapted into a ten part series on amazon prime but really there's a rich world in there that could easily sustain five seasons at least of exploration.
0,i wish the women of rwanda could have an abortion simply because they've requested it as well as because they've been raped/are in danger. i'm pleased he's taking the steps necessary to stop penalising women for what is health care. 
0,and to think the symbol of the free world is going in the opposite direction. banning abortion won't stop a single abortion! you're just going to have people resorting to home remedies and back alley abortions. 
0,good but why are they being jailed in the first place 
0,this is really nice to hear. still a long way to go but atleast there is progress !
0,this is actually pretty common and i believe the reason is because sexuality is like you say a deeply personal and individual thing. sex has a way of tapping into our innermost subconscious thoughts and desires. if you are familiar with the term "subspace" you may be familiar with the different changes in consciousnesses that can occur. when we strongly identify as one thing this creates a shadow so to speak which is essentially the opposite of everything we consciously identify as. the solution isn't to further surpress your subconscious desires but to bring them to light  and seek more balance in your every day life. the more confident and secure you feel in your  femininity as a whole and the more comfortable you feel expressing that in your daily life the less  imbalanced these subconscious desires will become. i think often it is the case as feminists we may harbor a lot of unresolved insecurities about femininity. from an early age we learn from society to think of femininity as a weakness and something that must be dominated and  overcome in order to compete on a level playing field. that can become a complex that we  then act out in our subconscious and sexual fantasy. whether you are finding yourself with a desire to dominate and degrade others or to be dominated and degraded yourself. 
0,hi so first id like to recommend you repost this on r/askfeminists. the people who come to this sub tend to seek feminist news and issues. r/askfeminists is really the question & answer type so i think youd be more likely to get answers over there. for your first question feminist porn is a thing. [heres a cosmo article that gives some options.](https://www.cosmopolitan.co.za/sex-relationships/5-feminist-porn-sites/) im personally a fan of sweetsinner (just google it) because theres a focus on the womens motivations and pleasure. its still a fantasy but its a more balanced fantasy. to put this question into historical context porn was a major issue in the feminist community in the 70s. ([click her for more info](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/feminist_sex_wars)) so youre certainly not the first or only person to question the effects of porn or to ask for better porn. as far as the communication goes i recommend explaining to your partners that there may be some things you were previously comfortable with but youve grown a little on the subject. for equal treatment tell them not to anything theyre not willing to do. if he wouldnt allow a man to cum on his face maybe he should question why he wants to do it to you. if shes not willing to let you give her anal why should you let her give you anal?if he or she isnt willing to evolve on this issue then im sorry but i think the relationship is fucked. youre no longer sexually compatible. im not saying theyre bad people only that theyre looking for your consent to do things but you shouldnt have to consent just because your partner want to. im not into bdsm and if my partner was really into it i think we would be doomed to fail. one of us is not going to be happy with our sex life. hope my thoughts and opinions helped some. send some follow up questions my way if youd like :)
0,honestly i feel like this might be a better question for/bdsmcommunity. best of luck!
0,thank you i do think i read your comment as more dismissive (and not helpful) than it was meant. i hear what youre saying. ill def have to turn to a kink community eventually with more specific questions lol. but i went here first bcs it just recently dawned on me that (i feel) my sexuality doesnt exist in a vacuum and that i have to examine how that possibly holds me back from being who i want to be and living the life i want to live. 
0,> however lately i have started to question why - since as far back as i can remember - there has always been a clear power component to all my fantasies which has included (im bisexual) taking on a submissive role in my relationships with men and a dominate role in my relationships with women (sexually). **i dont feel like i can walk around anymore pretending that the way my sexuality has been shaped is not strongly influenced by society and that it may shape the view i have about myself and other women in a negative way.** &#x200b;and what exactly is wrong or bad about your sexuality being influenced by society and outside forces? also why do you think it is negative? there is nothing inherently bad about wanting to be submissive or dominant.&#x200b;> so now i am basically interested in trying to undue years of programming. and change what i fantasize about the porn i watch and how i interact with my partner. &#x200b;why do you feel you need to do it like you have some moral obligation to do this? your fantasies are neither good nor bad and you don't need to change anything on the other hand if you really feel like you must do it then so be it but realize that you don't have to.&#x200b; >unfortunately when the relationship ended i went back on the hamburger. it is hard to resist years of habit and back with my own fantasies i reverted back to my preferred fantasies which involves an uneven power distribution and **lots of degrading acts (towards women)** which ive then perpetuated in my relationships (often being the one to push my partners in the direction of these preferences/kinks).&#x200b;there is no such thing as an inherently degrading act that is just a subjective evaluation you make. and if both you and your partners enjoy it then why do you feel like you must change?&#x200b;> now i want to tackle this on a deeper level but i still struggle to get off to fantasies that doesnt have a strong element of power. &#x200b;and there is absolutely nothing inherently wrong with that. &#x200b;> i also want to note that this does not have to do with me judging myself as a bad person because of my preferences but solely has to do with the fact that i feel like i can improve my life (and in extension) the life of those around me by growing in this area. &#x200b;your post makes it sound like you are not comfortable with the way you are and that you can be "better" if you changed. it seems like you perceive that there is a problem about yourself that needs to be changed but there is no problem unless you make it one and there is no need to change of course there is also no need to not change. if you really feel like this must be done then its your decision just remember that you don't need to do this and your preferences are not inherently good or bad.
0,fuckin queers don't need to say anything else.
0,i mean i've been reading up on r/childfree and they say you just have to be 25 of course they still try and pressure you into not doing it but you don't need all those other things it may be a state law so correct me if i'm wrong please
0,this is amazing - if the procedure exists it should be available on the nhs
0,fmg is truly horrible. one of the biggest international womens rights issues in my opinion.
0,what a hero seriously made my day reading this!just wanted to point out to the guys coming here and thinking fgm and circumcision are the same they're not. fgm would be the equivalent to part or all of the head of your penis being cut off not just the skin. 
0,a hero full stop. i don't understand anyone attempting to hijack this thread to argue against circumcision. this man is a hero and doing amazing work. fgm and circumcision are both bad but this man is reversing the most violating procedure i can think of and trying to right wrongs. anyone who negates that is horrible.
0,wow i didn't even know this was possible. this guy is a saint.
0,what is fgm?
0,jesus so many people are using this article to complain about male issues.
0,now let's move onto foreskin restoration.
0,why is this so much worse than male circumcision? or is it just as bad?
0,it's annoying since the surgeon could spend his time helping both men & females.
0,no it isn't cumbersnot mc pickleshit
0,if you are a judge and find yourself with these sorts of thoughts step down. 
0,like so many things it's best to think for yourself and in this case read the actual courtroom transcript. it's a very misleading article with a click-baity title.
0,holy shit america what is going on over there?
0,whoever contributed to this law materializing should never be allowed to be in a position of leadership. they have no respect for women
0,we should be consistent and ban ejaculation too. 
0,time to leave alabama. i propose going to australia its very pro-choice
0,blessed be the fruit!
0,what century are we in again?
0,for a second i thought the headline meant the boss was concerned for her ability to support the boyfriend on her salary thus proactively asking if she needed a raise.
0,that person is so brave and i hope they are okay.  if you ever see someone being discriminated like this for any reason stand by their side. people with open hearts need to stand up to the closed-hearted because ignorance and hate is not okay
0,they justify womens oppression by comparing them to those in worse situations and telling them that they are doing fine since theyre better than the others. this has been the pattern of abuse for women since time immemorial. they used to tell our grandparents that they were better than the women who lived before them and so on and so forth. its sickening and disturbing. 
0,its not about whether it could be worse it's about whether it should be better. until women have the same rights and opportunities as men and are treated the same way by society (and vice versa) then we've still got work to do.  (also no one is telling 1st world men 'hey at least you're not treated like someone in xyz where you'd be paid in rice and your boss could have you beaten for not turning up for work on time'.)
0,bigots have been pulling that line on oppressed groups since forever. telling us we're "too radical" for wanting equal treatment saying we should be grateful we don't have it worse/like we used to. no matter when it's never the "right time". fuck 'em. the right time was centuries ago but now's better late than never. 
0,you see this constantly even from those who have no logical reason to parrot it. i wonder if during the civil rights era young black people who went marching for their rights were told by their parents and grandparents how greedy they were being and how they should be grateful that they weren't born into slavery.
0,this pattern exists because we as women should just shut up and be grateful for what we get. this has been the psychology of society way before us and it will continue way after. what happens to the women that stand up against this pattern? "oh must be a radical feminist."
0,"it could be worse" applied as an argument against doing better is a sure way to spot a shitty person. to translate what they really say: "idgaf!!".
0,the notion of "others have it worse so you shouldn't complain" is so stupid. yes some people have horrible lives that no one would want to endure. that doesn't mean your problems aren't real and that doesn't mean your situation cannot get better. so the idea that people should just be glad for what they have and therefore not try to improve their situations is idiotic. because it could get a lot better as well. nothing would improve with that mentality.
0,it's true. things could always be worse. but that being said things could be better too. never stop moving forward. 
0,that's the same thing as saying african children don't bread as they will get hungry anyways! it's our moral duty to do the best we can to spread awareness so that those in 3rd world countries may learn by our example!
0,it's the time honored tradition of saying whatever they need to to keep us in "our place" which is really just the small little place they have carved out for us so men can have the rest.  some women have been indoctrinated such that they believe women do not deserve more but don't let their oppression be contagious.  
0,everytime i hear this argument i wanna say "so just because someone else's house is dirtier you will never clean yours?"
0,wait i've been saying this for ages!also hate that underlying "see? you could have it worse so you should be grateful to men for what we **haven't done** because we could totally treat you worse if we wanted! also here's some light racism/ imperialism!"
0,the fact that there are worse things happening is exactly why things have to change world wide. 
0,the "we don't need to fix things because they used to be worse" argument is one of the dumbest in existence. the right eats it right up though. 
0,whenever i hear a guy mention how its always western women who push for feminism i always respond with cause we are the only ones who can. if i lived in any of those other countries i would be beaten and killed for my views. of course im going to advocate for feminism not just for me but for all the other women who cant speak up without risking their lives. 
0,what they fail to understand is that feminism is why it's better to be a woman in some places than others. evidently women's rights weren't fought for and men just gave it to them out of the goodness og their hearts. 
0,"it could be worse" is all very well when you're trying to look on the bright side. this sounds like it's closer to a threat... i've had that before. i forget the context but it was along the lines of "you did this annoying or borderline harmful thing" to which they responded "i could have done this more harmful thing instead". i can't imagine saying that without it being a threat. or ironically. i don't bet against irony. 
0,people want to bully us into not being feminists all the time. the argument for not needing feminism in 1st world countries always baffles me. if we still have severe oppression of women and girls in third world countries then we still need feminism in first world countries. we are the people who can help make a change. 
0,so muslim countries oppress women. thats what i got from this. 
0,your problems dont matter unless you're literally the person worst off in the entire world at this exact moment.
0,it's pretty much a whole shitload of r/gatekeeping
0,i agree. i would like change to be made so there is no "worse alternative"
0,i've always hated the "it could be worse so count your blessings" mindset mainly because it is such a slippery slope. it sometimes starts in an "ok" place but taken to its conclusion it becomes extremely defeatist and disturbing. 
0,how did she marry her uncle ? that's forbidden in islam
0,that woman is brave and does not deserve to go to jail. i hope she is okay. i hope one day everyone will be allowed to make their own choices for themselves and have those choices be respected
0,meg you have kind of a fixation with islam based on your post history. the right take away from all of this isn't to match intolerance with more intolerance. a lack of freedom and systemic oppression is the problem behind forced veiling not the fabric itself... not the makeup itself not the hair on your armpits that men decide is disgusting themselves not the car you are not allowed to drive and so on. 
0,oh my god of course it's not your fault! this guy is a massive creep wtf is he doing? what a horrible host and a horrible human being. i'm glad you're safe. tell the victim blamers to piss off. you are 100% right he's disgusting report him to airbnb if you haven't already 
0,sending virtual hugs. hope you feel safe now. you are definitely not to be blamed here. you definitely acted more rational than i could ever do. good luck.
0,he shouldnt have been trying to seduce his own airbnb guest in the first place. he sounds like a nightmare. sorry you had to go through that 
0,report this man because i use airbnb and i would not want this either what he did is really bad i am also sending virtual hugs!!!! 
0,it's definitely not your fault. you were coerced and forced into doing things you didn't want to do and you were in serious danger when he came into your room asking for a kiss and not going away when he heard the answer was "no". people can be assholes but if you feel violated no one can tell you that you shouldn't feel that way. hope everything's okay now :) 
0,fascinating. have never considered this approach.
0,woman are amazing 
0,he wasn't trying to discredit her he was wondering if she was capable of her job.
0,the hijab is a symbol of oppression 
0,i find it pretty disturbing to see bans and downvotes against people defending veiling or pointing out that this op is right wing propaganda. it reveals the people here claiming the title feminist haven't given much thought to how religion functions in society or what the outcomes of stigmatizing minorities are. . as feminists we should **all be on the same side** which is that forced actions or dress aren't ok. none of us here (i hope) support forced anything. but spreading right wing attitudes and focusing on religion as some alien and external force in the world is not going to liberate women.. i'd ask you all to imagine a world of full veil stigmatization potentially a ban or other social prohibition do you notice how all of the same problems exist in this world? you don't conquer sexism by going after a piece of fabric.
0,women... can vote?
0,i love this format so much lol and thanks for letting me know i gotta check out some more history memes 
0,dude has issues.
0,i don't care what kind of shorts you wear you don't deserve to be called trash. don't take it in and know your father is not right on this.
0,i mean  what are your options?  do you have a mom?? 
0,you should tell him that a father who calls a daughter trash is the definition of a bad parent. obviously don't actually say that but know it in your heart. your father has some very deep misconceptions and is pinning all of his insecurities on you instead of working on them and growing up. you are just fine shorts are normal. and your father is a bad parent.
0,what the fuck. if your dad and girlfriend truly think it's "trashy" to wear perfectly normal shorts around the house thats very telling of their character. are they afraid your father looks at you inappropriately when youre dressed like that or something? it's so disturbing that they would find that trashy. be careful.
0,that's pretty crappy. sorry op that you have to go through this. that's so shitty
0,hi new zealander here. id just like to mention to anyone reading this that rightminds.nz is a notoriously right wing conservative and controversial website and should not be considered as actual news. the creator of the website describes himself as im the first of a new breed of young gun-totin bible-bashin conservative family men fighting against left-wing regressives. either that or im making a heroic last stand for freedom as the sun sets on christian civilisation. you can find more of me on right minds nz.please to anyone reading this take it with a grain of salt. of course not every person in nz supports the prime ministers decision to wear a headscarf it would be silly to claim so. but it is ridiculous to claim that most are it as insensitive. i can tell you as someone who attended  ceremonies to remember the people who lost their lives in the christchurch mosque attacks that the overwhelming consensus is that wearing a headscarf around the grieving muslim families was and is a sign of respect to their culture and that the muslim community were consulted about the decision before it happened and were continued to be consulted as more and more wore headscarfs to show support and solidarity. what happened it christchurch was an awful tragic event and im honestly so sick of seeing people use it to push their islamaphobic agenda as news.
0,correct me if i'm wrong but wasn't part of the reason she wore it because she couldn't go into mosques that day without it?
0,people don't necessarily deny it's existence... it's the "why" that we can't agree upon. and how it's calculated.
0,i hate the arguments that 'women pick lower paying jobs' like they weren't encouraged down those paths or told they weren't good enough to do others or never got the same opportunity to try those things 
0,hello trolls please read r/economics faq on the wage gap and why you shouldn't control for occupation.  [https://www.reddit.com/r/economics/wiki/faq\_genderwagegap](https://www.reddit.com/r/economics/wiki/faq_genderwagegap) 
0,here is my two cents on the matter:* most discussions (on reddit) where pay gap is mentioned a lot of mostly men ask how the 077 cents is calculated and how to "prove" it. but instead of answering the question people tend to respond by being enraged/downvoting/flaming the men who asks these kind of questions; i.e.: "wow it's 2019 and you don't know about gender gap?! go read a book"* gender pay gap is more of a local issue than what most people think of. i read a couple months ago a thesis about pay gap in brazil possible reasonings for it and it's very different from the issue presented in america.
0,what does the article mean that "nearly half of men believe the gender pay gap is 'made up'"? of course we believe it's made up. it is made up!&#x200b;the calculation of the pay gap is ludicrous. do people realize in 1st world countries and some 3rd world it's illegal to pay someone differently based on their gender sexual preference or so other?&#x200b;the only reason this so called "pay gap" exists is because of the minsinfomed people who believe and feed into the studies done to push agendas and attract attention to an issue that doesn't exist.&#x200b;the "pay gap" doesn't take into account the difference in hours worked the difference in days worked the difference in experience the difference in jobs worked and alot more. &#x200b;now when i say this next statement i'm not being sexist i'm being factual. on average women are more inclined to the less physically required jobs whereas men on averageare more inclined to go for the more physically demanding jobs.&#x200b;there's alot more information on this "pay gap" myth that i won't dwelve into but the already existing arguments that support it are futile and ignorant. 
0,there is no wage gap due to some arbitrary sexism that "women deserve less money." there is however an earnings deficit across the board but there is nothing inherently wrong with that. if women want higher paying jobs just go for it. give a better resume than the guy. women are more and more becoming "breadwinners" in their families. 
0,one big issue is that "pay gap" and "wage gap" are often used interchangeably by lay(wo)men but they are not interchangable things. a wage gap for the same job is a bad thing. a pay gap -- not necessarily. 
0,i'm surprised it's only 1/2 of men considering it's true.
0,just saying but while its not made up there is good reason for it most of the time.
0,this just shows how dumb men are. 54% of them got the answer wrong.
0,1. hours worked2. position3. did you do extra work (not demanded by your position)4. do you have a side job5. is your work the exact same quality
0,it is. at least not for the same job. 
0,it is made up.. 
0,even a large number of economic researchers find that it is made up. edit: number
0,i don't think this has any factual evidence
0,wow no privacy at all damn
0,i'm sorry that happened. what an asshole.
0,>he then told me that i was beautiful and that at least he was honest when asking me to come back to his room because some guys would be creepy. it's weird to me when men think that them being aggressive is better than them being a passive admirer. one of the biggest fears with creepy men is that they will turn aggressive like this. also his behavior is still creepy. 
0,ugh i hate that. women arent obligated to give men attention because they want it. we have thoughts and feelings of our own. were not objects. we can do whatever we want and do it proudly. its not mean to not want sex. it means were not interested in a disgusting meat bag like you. so kindly get the heck out of our lives please and thanks 
0,something similar happened to me a few months ago. im so sorry this happened to you its so invasive and predatory. 
0,im really annoyed on your behalf. you were very clear and some losers cant seem to take a hint. you were just trying to get dinner and get back to work. im mostly annoyed that the other guy with this harasser did absolutely fuck-all to help you out. thats super embarrassing. in situations like this men who are friends with men who treat women like this have real power to intervene and mitigate their behavior. frustrating that men who act like this dont listen to women when they say no and yet its possible he would have listened to his friend a man. but from your story it sounds like the other guy did nothing! this is why men need to intervene when their friends are acting like assholes to women. ive had this happen to me before and when my so shows up at the bar the guy harassing me ends up apologizing to him. wtf??my so always says the same thing: apologize to her. shes a person and you were bothering her not me.usually only then will he begrudgingly mutter sorry and wont meet my eye. tl;dr leave women alone! and if you see your friend making moves on someone who isnt interested intervene!
0,very sorry you met an asshole. or two assholes to be precise. i really do not understand people like this. they are a special kind of people who are usually salesman for some reason. they can not take no for an answer and try to convince people. most horrible is when they are the feely touchy type who have no sense of personal space or emphathy in general.
0,you are correct  this is downright harassment and really creepy.  i recommend having a pocket knife on your person incase something bad happens  there's some real creeps out there. 
0,> he then told me that i was beautiful and that at least he was honest when asking me to come back to his room because some guys would be creepy..... fuck every single guy like this hard and right in the ass. 
0,ugh. i'm so sorry. you were far more civil than it had any right to expect.
0,i appreciate all of the support of this. it makes me want to keep writing about my travels for my job im sure ill run into something like this again.. stay tuned  
0,what an absolute creep. so sorry you had this experience ugh. those guys (both of them) were creeps and jerks. his buddy is not free from blame - he should have recognised how creepy his friend was being and tried to stop him. 
0,i don't listen to trump anyway
0,why would i listen to them about anything? i'm not sure why readers of counterpunch need to be told not to defer to the ruling class. 
0,that sucks how it is dismissed easily for women.
0,how is this related to feminism? who is dismissing it? lots of illnesses are dismissed. so what you are saying is that since testicular cancer affects males and it is generally overlooked so now it's sexist? a disease being overlooked has nothing to do with gender rights.
0,the woman concerned has learning difficulties that are deteriorating and social workers believe she no longer has the capacity to consent to sex. lawyers have suggested that the court might consider barring the man from having sex with his wife so she is not raped and he has offered an undertaking not to have sex with her. the judge said "i cannot think of any more obviously fundamental human right than the right of a man to have sex with his wife - and the state to monitor that. i think he is entitled to have it properly argued."
0,it just seems wrong that a court order might come down where she has to just lay down and take it even without understanding the situation. thats not truly what theyre going to decide but thats what the judge is essentially saying. if your partner wants it its their right to have it on demand. that is what hes saying; or at least what im interpreting. that just feels slimily erroneous.
0,the judge's comments notwithstanding this is an area where the law should be clearer. this lady's human rights include the freedom to express herself sexually even in the context of learning difficulties. this becomes difficult when she may start to lose the mental capacity to consent to sex. ordinarily we would say no consent equals no sex right? imagine a situation where expressing your sexuality physically with your partner of several decades was something you really enjoyed. due to an illness many other previous little comforts like your work and hobbies have been given up. you may express that desire by getting into bed and initiating sex with your husband. your social worker has suggested that as you now cannot understand the concept of consent to sex your husband will be a rapist if he has sex with you. you may be very confused and upset that physical contact and sexual expression you enjoy and desire are now denied to you as your husband has said to the court he will not have sex with you in case it is rape. alternatively this could be dealt with informally. your husband knows you and what your wants and needs are. he would presumably be able to recognise distress or reluctance to have sex and then stop. this presupposes that the husband is caring empathetic and understanding of consent himself which may not be the case is 100% of marriages. situations occur everyday where partners are unable to give consent in the immediate short term e.g. kink play involving gagging restraint sex during sleep. partners should be able to work out the rules and red flags in advance. an advanced directive or a lasting power of attorney could deal with this situation if the wife had sufficient capacity to grant one. welfare guardianship appointed by the court could also do the same. i don't think there is a legal precedent for this legislation to be applied to matters of sexual consent but i can't see a legal reason why it could not be in order to safeguard the rights of this woman. obviously this would become unwieldy if the welfare attorney or guardian was anyone other than the husband. i think this judge was very wrong to focus on the husband's right to have sex with his wife no such right exists in law and to frame the discussion this way is morally repugnant. a discussion focussed on the right of the partner lacking capacity to consent and the right of the couple to private and family life is where the attention needs to be.(edit: i can't believe my first gold comment is me mansplaining capacity and consent on /r/feminism!)
0,a sexist dude-bro judge batting for the husbands' rights to rape is not a surprising thing not at all. to some rapists their wives are their permanent victims.
0,i think everyone here is agreed that the judge is an asshole but one thing about this case that concerns me is that it seems like the woman's agency is effectively being revoked here. of course without knowing the specifics it's hard to say but determining that she can never have sex again because of her learning disability seems pretty fucked up to me. i'd really like to know where it is that this line is being drawn.
0,this has a lot of facets not covered by the brief article. i read it and i think the man is voluntarily willing to agree not to have sex with her. the social workers have made a case predicated upon their belief that she cannot consent. does that imply that she might be removed from her home and not be allowed to live with her husband? i don't like what the judge says nor do i like the idea of splitting the couple up. a descent person whose spouse developed dementia isn't going to have coercive sex with them. if there's any indication this man will it should be introduced as evidence. if the woman is happy safe and loved she should be in her own home. this just brought up a lot of questions for me. the judges words do sound ridiculous. no one has a right to my body but me. 
0,i feel like this article misunderstands the law quite a bit.  the judge is partly interested in the violation of privacy this would entail.  i think if the court deems the woman to be at risk they'll be tactically calling the man a predator.  once you've crossed that line you'll need to consider removing the woman for her safety.  did she actually marry someone who cannot be trusted to care for her?  or is it just the childlike nature of her calling into question if she should be treated in all ways as a minor?  wouldn't this lead to all mentally incapacitated people being removed from their spouses?it's these long-con style questions that the law is beholden to consider.  the details of the case could have real evidence that he's using her in a horrible manner but the case should turn on those details not merely a lack of capacity.
0,so clearly women aren't humans since apparently only men have rights to decide what is done to or with human bodies.
0,reminds me of a guy in my home town ex town councillor got a mentally disabled girl he was caring for (not sure of age less than 17 as she was still in school uniform) pregnant he was about 75 at the time. family just took some cash married her off to him and as far as i know she's still being abused but is just over half my age and you'd think she was considerably older than me given how she's broken down over time. he has two kids by her i'd be surprised if she understood consent at the start or had any choice in any of it...
0,this ought to be on r/trashy 
0,in england and wales issues connected to mental capacity are dealt with in the court of protection. it used to be centralised in a london court with a wise and experienced senior judge overseeing everything but within the last 5 years the cases have been increasingly been sent to regional courts and the senior judge retired. a new senior judge took up the position but the whole court structure has changed. this case is a very delicate subject not only because it's a private intimate relationship but also because of the human rights of those involved. if the woman is no longer able to understand consent the court needs to consider whether it's in her best interests to allow the status quo to remain or whether there needs to be some kind of change in order to safeguard her. fluctuating capacity which was mentioned in another comment is another matter entirely and each case needs to be handled on its own circumstances. i'd expect the court to do the right thing by the woman as she's central to this. it's highly unlikely that they'd prioritise her husband's sexual desires  as that contradicts the legal framework that's in place to protect vulnerable people. 
0,last i checked a fundamental human right is freedom for the wife to say no
0,marital rape is already illegal. why does the judge need to make a judgement that says this married couple can never have sex. 
0,isn't not getting raped a fucking fundamental right?!
0,a woman always has the right to say no at any point and that no should better be heeded. unable to consent due to cognitive decline means it would be rape husband or not.
0,fuck. just fucking christ - how can such a medieval concept still exist. marriage was originally a property transaction - 500 years ago! shit like this makes my blood.  
0,what about her right? why do a man's right get put over a woman's right because it is "a natural" thing for a man to do?
0,just.. just fuck you? 
0,i dont think the judge is saying that this man should be able to have sex with his wife at will. i think he is saying that it is not the place of the state to ban sex between a husband and wife. for good reason to how would it even be possible to enforce that ban. furthermore what if her condition improves and she does consent. do they need to go back to court to reevaluate.
0,doesn't surprise me at all. caring about the environment has been seen as wimpy or feminine for a while. guys have been made fun of for driving hybrids while it was seen as "manly" to talk about how you don't give a shit about your car's downright unreasonable gas mileage. good to have an actual study with some numbers to back this up.
0,recently out lesbian here. internalized misogyny i believe plays strongly into this in that it tells women they should consider any sex drive they do have shameful.  that they should just be passively present to respond to the sex drive of men. fuck. that. noise. when i was with men before realizing the gay i got a lot of commentary on how sexual i was. it was a mix of "i'm not complaining but this isn't normal".  frankly it was disgusting that men felt the need and right to comment that my sexuality was too strong.  it walked a line between slut shaming and fetishization.  it's a big social lie it's poisonous and it creates a lot of shame and repression for people.  if we're going to be having any conversation on sex drive it should be about ensuring that the way people act on their sex drive is ethical and respectful of other humans.  we should be discussing poorly executed and toxic sex drive not what sex/ gender are permitted to have a sex drive. 
0,high low as long as the woman feels fine with it all sex drives should be embraced. we should not shame anyone for their consensual desires but i think it's just as damaging to portray lots of sex as something all women ought to have. sexual pressure is poisonous. that works both ways-- pressure to be more or less sexual than one wishes is equally damaging.
0,i have always had the opposite experience getting berated for not having a high sex drive because well "everyone loves sex right?!". no no not everyone. and that's ok. we all deserve to have our preferences respected. stereotypes are not helpful. 
0,i think both male and female sex drives vary in intensity to a great degree but focus on completely different things. testosterone stimulates you with images estrogen stimulates you with sensations. at least from my experience as a trans woman. i don't expect hot body pics to do as much for women as they do for men like i don't expect erotic novels to do as much for men as they do for women.
0,we're not allowed to have nor talk about our sex drives why do you think they'd make material for us easily accessible? 
0,this thread/post is really old but i just want to say you are right. as a young man myself who never dated or kissed or anything this imbalance of perception around attraction kinda fucked me up for a while because if women have zero interest they wont and cant get turned on/interested... and hypothetically if youre not interested and someone else is then thats not mutual... its actually kinda creepy/gross if its only one-way in romantic or sexual situations. without balance any interest a guy has in a woman is one-way. so its an imposition and it feels really creepy to impose like that. now that i am slowly starting to realize the extent to which women are interested back i feel i can breathe easier. also rather than feeling like a perv for being interested in anybody i can realize that everybody else are checking people out all day just discreetly. and i dont feel bad about that. and if a woman actually asked me out i wouldnt be so shocked now. i would probably need to work up to actually going on dates (im a bit repressed if you cant tell i admit that) but like i would not be weirded out anymore. i think this default assumption does a lot of harm to guys because it tells them that no potential scenario involves the woman being interested so any romantic/sexual relationship is at their (the mans) initiative not the womans... that she doesnt care so its just about getting her to say yes. (thats rape culture in a nutshell.)it took me believing strongly in the standard of affirmative/enthusiastic consent in relationships before i got comfortable with the thought of women being interested... (why work so hard to defend a womans right to require enthusiastic consent before sex if no woman would ever be enthused or would consent in the first place? that logic stopped making sense after a while. defending it made me confront that womens desire is real first of all. and second of all if i didnt really deeply get the implications this has at first then i needed to rethink it until i did. if you seek this information out there are women on the internet talking about how hey actually they do like checking out guys and why cant they be open about it? so yes i do feel like i get it now or am a long way on my journey toward deep understanding.)so for guys this is huge and acknowledging what you say in your post can help cure rape culture assumptions that men have about women. it is really a huge thing for relationships. and if a man can identify with women more because everyone is attracted to someone you cant judge them for wearing certain outfits or drinking etc. they are just trying to get some! or be flirty and have fun out! (or just look nice for themselves i dont care why you dress a certain way but i find my inner monologue judges people a lot less now.) like any guy would! really what is there left to judge at that point? so i think this is huge at risk of repeating myself. a really big deal for sure. i think it helps you see shades of gray too. like not every girl/woman that is into somebody is a ho she is probably average and normal. a girl/woman who isnt into a lot of people probably still experiences some desire at some point (unless shes 100% asexual which is fine). a girl/woman who is really actively interested in romance/sex honestly this should be easy to relate to as a guy since we are all supposedly like that ourselves. what is so confusing about that? we know what that is like or have seen it in a guy. we are all the same species. what is so confusing?
0,i think the misconception for men comes from woman being more selective when it is about sexual partners. most average single guys would come with almost any woman if they offered sex right at the spot. (there are some videos on youtube with stuff like that the girls here are unfortunately always quite pretty would really like to have it done with someone less attractive.) my guess: if a guy is single and alone (no people he knows around him) at the moment when asked it would be a 80%+ success rate for any average woman. because woman would usually not do that men think they don't want to have sex as much as they want.
0,i guess this is because many (single) men would sleep with almost any woman who would just blatently asked instantly. since (most) woman would not do that they think that their sex drive is lesser than theirs. logical at first sight.
0,correct me if i'm wrong but they've always done this.
0,it seems that there is some confusion about our posting rules - in particular #3: **promoting regressive agendas is not permitted**endorsing/defending misogynistic practices and ideologies of any kind is a serious infringement of our rules and it will be met with harsh moderator action.***to expand:amartya sen in "development as freedom" regarding lack of substantive freedoms: our individual agency is inextricably tied to and constrained by the social political and economic opportunities that are available to us and that we must recognize the force of social influences on the extent and reach of individual freedom or our autonomy (sen 1999: xi-xii). without the basic freedoms a person is not able to fully exercise his or her opportunities to live a full and valued life. with these freedoms in place a person can exercise her agency in determining the scope and direction of her life including participation in a clinical trial. further sen focuses on substantive freedoms as key to relieving poverty and other challenges that people in poor countries face. he notes that besides poverty tyranny poor economic opportunities  social deprivation are major sources of unfreedom (sen 1999: 3). sen identifies five types of freedoms that he views as instrumental (sen 1999: 10). these include political freedoms economical facilities social opportunities transparency guarantees and protective security. noam chomsky on economic relations (labor) infringing on human rights: "human rights are rooted in human nature and we violate fundamental human rights when people are forced to be slaves [...] servants of external power subjected to systems of authority and domination manipulated and controlled "for their own good". kathleen barry on the moral possibility of consent to abuse of rights: [consent is not a] good divining rod as to the existence of oppression and consent to violation is a fact of oppression. oppression cannot effectively be gauged according to the degree of consent since even in slavery there was some consent if consent is defined as inability to see any alternative. marwa berro on positive adherence to oppressive doctrines: positive adherence to modesty doctrine in the presence of social sanction and encouragement is only to be expected. conforming to an extant social norm and feeling free and empowered to do so is not only entirely possible in the presence of systemic constraint but encouraged and enabled by it. especially if it is adherence within a fold that has no truck with outsiders (eg particularly insular communities). because while those who choose to conform are visible those who are not free to dissent are not. looking at the woman who insists she wasnt made to conform tells you nothing about the woman who didnt want to conform and hasnt anything resembling the visibility to say so.***in short: please do not fetishize consent and purported free choice while also disregarding necessary moral considerations (based on the necessity of modern fundamental human rights). such low-effort comments will be summarily removed.
0,the original cartoon had different text though. it was: "everything covered but her eyes what a cruel male-dominated culture!""nothing covered but her eyes what a cruel male-dominated culture!"original is better imo. &#x200b;
0,thank you so much for bringing this up. i grew up in the middle east and this always bothered me. having said that i do understand that tackling this situation is very difficult on a lot of levels. as someone who grew up there it bothered me when nobody would question my friends' parents for beating them for not wearing their niqabs and hijabs but at the same time it's dangerous for people to protest that. i think that it should be a choice for women to wear them but they shouldn't be punished for choosing not to wear it. but i also think that the scale of activism needs to come from within the community. having it come from an outside source could definitely seem like their culture is being disrespected. i don't know i don't know what the perfect balance would look like. 
0,as a woman who grew up muslim i can tell you that the hijab/burka/nikab/etc. is used to oppress muslim women 99% of the time. its very rare that a muslim woman wears one of her own complete free will without threats or pressure including in the west. there are many muslim women in the west who have been murdered beaten and abused if they dont cover up (or do what theyre told to do in general). 
0,the original cartoon troubles me because it equivocates western preference for womens dress with sharia coercion of womens dress. before we say the wests treatment of women is no better than sharia law we should ask: what would be the consequence of these two women refusing to dress that way?for the western woman maybe less attention from the men who happen to be around. for the sharia law woman public flogging or jail time. i dont think its fair to say these are both the same oppression.
0,i'm a young dude from mumbai. in summer the temperatures hit 40 degrees celsius this time and i'm wearing a thin cotton shirt and jeans. it's a very scorching heatwave in the south asian subcontinent. then i saw many muslim women and girls as young as 6 yrs completely covered in hijab in heatwave. i knew none of them would ever worn it voluntarily. i felt so bad and teared up a little knowing that i couldn't do anything to help them. 
0,yeah. i think the intention has good roots - acceptance looking for the good side of the others. but this has very immediate implications: many/all religious ideologies oppress women and other social minorities. "cultural sensitivity"/misunderstood tolerance can pave the way for a lot of suffering. sure let us avoid forever the horrors of religious intolerance (the "west" has suffered enough itself due to it - most of it was self inflicted of course). but this should not help perpetuate the oppression of women.
0,its not like the hijab and other forms of covering in the middle east arent disliked by anyone in the middle east. one of my favourite movies of all time is persepolis and it talks about the iranian revolution and how many many women protested the forced wearing of hijabs. people who say that women in the middle east arent oppressed by these pieces of clothing havent really read the struggles of women in these countries fighting against it. women have lost their lives trying to fight for their freedom to not wear a hijab. 
0,there is no choice under patriarchy! 
0,well this particular edited comic is definitely normalizing oppression. when hijabs and burkahs are nothing more than fashion statements and people only wear them for to vaguely "look good" then we can talk about how these two things are equal. but context matters and we don't live in that world yet.
0,i used to live in saudi arabia and am married to an egyptian. fuck hijabs and abayas and niqabs. unless it is 100% voluntary-- but that is so rare so so rare-- even if it is by choice and is only about personal belief how messed up is it that your personal belief is basically that your god wants you to be covered up uncomfortably so just because you are a woman?here's a fun fact that hardly anyone talks about: hijabs and abayas pre-date islam-- by a long time!! it was written into ancient assyrian law that women must be covered and only prostitutes were to be uncovered--both by force-- and if a prostitute were to cover themselves they would be beaten or killed just as if a married woman were to go uncovered they would face the same punishment. it was also written into law- all these laws that you can still read on a slab today thanks to museum preservation- that if a woman were to speak out of turn she should have her teeth smashed by a brick. hijabs were adopted by islam but have much earlier origins and those origins are at least as oppressive and sexist as isis or the taliban- but likely much worse!
0,i think one issue that people tend to skim over seems to be that despite the fact that many women do choose to cover up modesty ideologies in any world religion always stem from sexism. there is no escaping that fact. i would have no issue with the idea of hijab if it wasnt gendered but it is and i have yet to see a convincing argument rationalising that. i think its important that the action comes from within muslim communities and from muslim women and tolerance should be 100% respected but the attempt at the adoption of hijab as a feminist symbol is overkill and complete and utter bullshit. religious tolerance is important that doesnt change the fact that most religions are sexist. the right to choose is important but not all choices have to be regarded as feminist choices.
0,defending the burqa is not a good way to support muslim women.
0,the fact that op was second-guessing whether the woman in a burka/niqab is free to choose is telling. asking questions like this is being equated with islamophobia these days and women who are trying to stand up against purity/modesty culture are being denied the support they need- and they need our support; refusing to be "modest" can get you killed/raped
0,wow  i never realized it. i actually do have a friend that loves wearing her hijab  but only when she doesn't feel forced to do so.  from what i've observed majority of the muslim girls i know feel like they are being forced to wear it  they get criticized from other people when they don't  even under very hot conditions where wearing it isn't very desirable. 
0,many feminists who defend those religious clothes never went in countries where they are really worn by most of the women. the result is always a radical rise of sexual harassment. al-ways. every-where. i went in a dozen of muslim countries including egypt uae and other like bosnia where women do not wear the hijab. the difference is aboslutly obvious. please do not compare sexual harassment in the west and in countries like egypt it's a thousand time worst really. the more women are "covered" the more every "uncovered" part of your body looks like a sexual invitation. in a culture where boys and girls are told to avoid each others it creates a time bomb in many masculine minds. the so-called "modest" fashion is a tool of radical opression. it's used to shame women of themselves to shame their bodies to shame their natural feelings."religious" freedom is far from being an emergency. women's rights and equality need less religions not  more. of course it's not about baning religions. it's about concentrating the efforts on the right topic. and the abrahamic deeply sexist and homophobic religious ideologies are not a right topic. what would american feminists would think if we started to support alt right conservative against abortion women of your culture in the name of "freedom"? wouldn't you feel betrayed? wouldn't you feel sad and alone ?  western women are lucky to live where they are. they are more lucky than most women in the world. so please talk about it. don't try to be our "equal" while your life is definitly better. we don't need your "equality" we need "equality" here where we are!   
0,>but all it made me think was: does she really have a choice. muslim women in the west do no they don't have that much freedom they're still pressured to confirm the stereotype of muslim women that is hold by many gullible westerners and don't forget about family pressures. family members especially husbands brothels fathers still have the ability to force women. there is an excellent piece by taslima nasreen: https://freethoughtblogs.com/taslima/2019/02/09/world-hizab-day/
0,it's extremely difficult for us (by us i mean people living in the west) to discuss such topics. it's a different culture with different beliefs & history so the change definitely has to come from within it. that said the way you feel is the way most of us feel (me included) and it's completely understandable. again the environment we grew in is pretty different after all.  imo you are also bringing up a fair point. but i think that at the end of the day in order to avoid any problems that two different world views might bring up we need to sit down and let them speak & act for themselves.
0,most abrahamic religions (and many others) oppress women but only focusing on the oppression of women from one religion is oppressive.
