 ,Then why isn't the Secretary of the Treasury in jail?Stop with the warnings and DO SOMETHING.
 ,I'm eager to see their plans for making Trump comply
 ,Less talk more action. Talk is cheap and we've been dancing around all this bullshit for far too long.
 ,Do something about it! Stop with the empty promises.
 ,I did not vote straight Democrat in 2018 for them to be soft on Trump's admin.
 ,Then start arresting people. I see a hell of a lot of quotes like this and no one in jail.
 ,Yeah.. ok.
 ,Sure it does...
 ,It's going to court. This is how things work in America. I too wish it was today but it just isn't.
 ,I mean the president commands the military oversees all the cabinet agencies  including the DOJ... are the 3 branches really co-equal?
 ,Does it? The Democrats are afraid of 33% of the entire US population just like the treasonous Republicans. Give me a break. Minority rule....poor people helping the richest among us. 33% of Americans are just plain ignorant.
 ,He also sided with Putin over loyal US government officials. No wonder Putin by his own admission wanted orange baby to win. Trump is bought and paid for by Russia.
 ,That never seems to register with Trump supporters. They just repeat what Trump and Fox News says. That's some industrial scale denial.
 ,Friendly reminder that Joe Walsh endorsed Trump admittedly voted for him and ya know the whole call to arms if Clinton wins thing. Dude’s trash.EDIT: grammar
 ,Joe Walsh... stop trying to stay relevant and go pay your fucking child support you piece of shit
 ,Well ya they got him elected. He loves them!
 ,Well why would he? They aimed at making him look good and Clinton looking bad. They literally had an army of internet trolls working to push propaganda that is pro Trump. That's like his dream come true.
 ,If he's not a Russian asset then why does he always act like one?
 ,Yeah golly gee whiz I wonder what's really going on
 ,He’s just now figuring that out.??Where have you been the last 30yrs. Everyone in NYC  knows where his money comes
 ,Thanks for joining us two years ago.  Care to catch up to the rest of the class' rage?
 ,I agree with Joe’s sentiment but he should stick to guitar ( and grow his hair back)
 ,At some point this has got to be like making fun of the special ed kids. This is low hanging fruit and it's been done far better dozens of times before.
 ,And pretty stupid of him to never even feign anger once.
 ,I really expected more Eagles jokes in here.
 ,Can anyone tell me if Deadbeat Dad Joe Walsh has paid his child support yet?
 ,I can't stand Trump and feel if he a threat to the entire global community but by proclaiming that only Russia caused his victory is ignoring the glaring issues missed by the Dems and the true realities we all face as Americans. Time to start looking inwards rather than out.
 ,[removed]
 ,Of the last several presidents only one willingly killed Russian military personnel because they weren't in a place that is good for the USA guess which president?
 ,Why shouldn't he do this there has been zero repercussions for his laundry list of high crimes and misdemeanors including treason.
 ,some democrats still prefer protectionism. i dont know what it will take to convince them otherwise.
 ,How long until Russia creates evidence against this guy
 ,No need for questions.  Just accept and obey lord orange.
 ,Good. We need to keep up the fight and remain involved. I live in a rural red county in California (yes they exist - Inyo county CA) and we revived our long-defunct Democratic Central Committee and we’ll be sending delegates to the state convention next month for the first time in years.  We CAN take back the Senate and restore normalcy. But it takes hard work and votes. Every single one matters.
 ,This is the equivalent of a stuffy noble using a white glove to slap both cheeks of the servile peasant (Democratic controlled House). It is yet another provocation that the Dems will probably ignore. It's like the Dems are afraid to act on noncompliance. It's shockingly disappointing.
 ,Ironic that draining the swamp would require hiring one of the oldest ones we own in Wilber Ross.
 ,I remember Bernie Sanders suggesting this in 2016 and paying for it with a Wall Street tax on derivatives. Most moderate Dems clapped back with "How are you going to pay for it!?" as though they hadn't even heard him. His proposal was just as detailed as Warren's is. I'm glad people are coming around to the idea though.
 ,This is just the political version of “THE SIMPSONS DID IT” but Warren is South Park and Bernie is the Simpsons.
 ,Members of Congress have a Constitutional duty under Article I to investigate and commence impeachment proceedings against the president.
 ,The "old guard" of the Dems don't understand the game has changed and are operating on outdated principles. There are fights that must be had such as defending Omar starting impeachment proceedings etc. but instead Dems appear unwilling to engage - and that will drive away voters.
 ,I've been a Democrat for 28 years and let's all be honest. The Democrats don't have any balls. When someone in your own party is attacked nobody defends them. Omar criticized Israel and was called antisemitic. When you have a report about the current president it takes weeks for you to subpoena it. Nancy Pelosi even said that she wouldn't impeach the president. These older generation Democrats in office are extremely weak. I can't wait for the younger generation to come in and have balls.
 ,If your fighting fairly in a fight you are getting your ass kicked. Stop being the paragon of virtue and start being an enemy combatant.
 ,Nothing will get turned over. People will fuss about how illegal/wrong it is. AG Barr will make sure everyone knows Trump is above the law. &#x200B;This shit never changes. Get out and vote
 ,Once this deadline comes and goes with no cooperation the House must immediately begin Impeachment proceedings.
 ,If Trump doesn't release the returns Nancy Pelosi might give him a stern glare.  That is if she's *really* angry and brave that day.
 ,It's not a deadline if it doesn't have consequences
 ,They won't be handed over.  I can guarantee it.
 ,WHO is refusing to hand them over?
 ,Nothing will happen until the dems control the senate and the house
 ,Isn’t this the second or third “deadline”?  I’m sick of the house and Congress giving empty threats.  Put something on the line
 ,Arrest warrant for the irs Commissioner?
 ,IMPEACH!
 ,It would be a stronger statement to remain a republican and vote with the democrats
 ,Why are we handcuffing ourselves? Going high got us kneecapped.
 ,"We promise not to use hacked materials about the RNC either"
 ,Good luck with that.
 ,Here’s a concept: don’t do things that are morally reprehensible and problem solved.
 ,They already did wtf are you guys going on about. Arrest the fucking orange idiot.
 ,The Russians are supporting Trump right now. The Russian troll bots are still very easy to spot on all the same social media platforms supporting Trump and the GOP the same as in 2016 and 2018.
 ,To be entirely honest I'm not convinced that's the case necessarily.I could easily see Putin deciding there is more "fuck up the place" value in supporting one of the more outlandish Democratic candidates.  I mean sowing discord in our population is a primary goal and we're really susceptible to it right now.
 ,We need to keep repeating impeachment and accountability for his administration and the GOP. Contact your rep. Post it on social media. Do not stop. Do not let these people keep pushing the line.
 ,Only this time Trump is in power and can help cover up efforts by the Russians.
 ,Remember when he said that he thought they would help us?
 ,Isn’t it at least possible that now that we’re aware of the Russian interference we’ll be more vigilant and suspicious of anything wonky we see?  I wonder if there’s anyone here in America working on ways to circumvent any future interference from “Ivan”?
 ,Given his reaction to Jimmy Dore's questions at the "Oslo Freedom Forum" I've no respect for Kasparov. &#x200B;You should worry more about the internal influence on US elections then the tiny part Russia was accountable for.
 ,So far the only candidate I've seen who is seriously fighting for democratic reforms like this these Mike Gravel who [is pushing for the Wyoming Rule](https://www.mikegravel.org/issues/wyoming/) among other important political reforms like national ranked-choice voting and term limits for federal judges.Anyone who is serious about seeing a more democratic America should consider [donating to his campaign](https://secure.actblue.com/donate/mikegravel2020) so that his ideas can reach a broader audience. These reforms are crucial to ensure the Republicans do not have a stranglehold on our government for centuries to come and we as Democrats have a duty to fight for them.
 ,This is really the GOP endgame. When the Republican party is free to exclude everyone they don't like from the census they have the freedom to essentially gerrymander the entire House and distribute electoral college votes however they want.
 ,[removed]
 ,That’s a low blow even for the demented delinquent...
 ,Compromised idiot
 ,The report makes Trump look like an utter buffoon - too stupid and incompetent to know what he was getting into. At the same time I'm relieved that was the case because the practical realities of a sitting president actively conspiring with a hostile foreign nation is very scary.
 ,I hear he thinks dihydrogen monoxide should be pumped into the home of every American.
 ,"we have evidence that he's gay!"
 ,There really isn't much to go by good or bad.
 ,How much do you want to bet the anonymous person from a rival campaign is from The Bernie camp? Taking money from lobbyists? Who else would say that?
 ,The man has taken money from lobbyists/PACS. That’s all the dirt you need.
 , You mean besides the unfortunate surname? "All rise for President BootyGag!"
 ,And I think we know which “rival.”
 ,[removed]
 ,Trump is just being flagrant now. Trump's like "It's Time to Get Rice Krispy and Snap Crackle and Pop those Democrats". He's daring the Dems to even try and do something about it.
 ,Start holding people in contempt.
 ,California 2020 Election [Primary Voter Pre-Registration Deadline](http://registertovote.ca.gov/): February 17 2020  [Primary Election](http://www.sos.ca.gov/elections/voter-registration/vote-mail/#apply): March 3 2020 [General Election](http://www.sos.ca.gov/elections/voter-registration/vote-mail/#apply): November 3 2020
 ,Glad to have a steady experienced hand at the tiller of the House during these troubled times.
 ,It'll give the Trump base more incentive to turn out in 2020 and it won't work anyways with the current senate. So instead of talking about what we can't do let's focus on what we can pass in the house to give us some talking points to keep our majority and take the senate back as well. Borrow from the Republican playbook of 2010 and 2014.
 ,I am ready now I’ve been ready
 ,You are blowing this Nancy.
 ,Aren't they in contempt of the order? Are the Dems gonna do something or simply extend the deadline?
 ,This is a bad idea
 ,Why isn't this a fair question to ask?
 ,Impeach Barr.
 ,Barr needs to be disgraced publicly for his history of fucking America. He won’t sadly in some circles - the only ones he cares about - he will be lionized for saving this criminal president from the chop.
 ,In many ways the White House did cooperate it's just that Trump expected everyone to lie under oath.
 ,What the hell?  Has he seen Trump's twitter?
 ,Lies. Deception.
 ,Well clearly Politifact is liberal fake news.
 ,If you aren't scared absolutely shitless by this news you aren't paying attention.
 ,It disturbs me that so few people are as alarmed as they should be about this. This is literally the next major step after gerrymandering Republicans are taking to stay in power permanently and abolish democracy. If this decision goes the way Trump wants it will make all of the gerrymandering of past years look like nothing give the GOP a virtually permanent House majority and gut federal funding for state and county level programs.
 ,This is easy for a member of the Senate to say.
 ,Great Senator sounds good.  Which 17 republicans have you convinced to join you?
 ,I hope more people ON BOTH SIDES come out and say it.
 ,We all do. He’s a dumb fuck.
 ,I do see this as a main talking point for him whether it’s used as a negative or a positive. As a gay man I wish he wouldn’t be defined by his sexuality. He brings so much more even if his experiences as a gay man do matter.
 ,The first gay man to run for president has this cross to bear.  It is what it is.
 ,I think the overwhelmingly positive press coverage makes up for any negative to do with this.
 ,We need to not kid ourselves. This likely isn't the only group just the only one to get caught at the moment. They're are dozens of fat right militia groups that train like they're going to overthrow the government.
 ,They'd probly form a caliphate if they got a chance.
 ,The word you're looking for is terrorists
 ,You know if there was a left wing militia that was arrested under these circumstances that it would be 24hr news on Fox.
 ,~~Militia~~ Terrorist group. Call them what they are.
 ,“Pro-trump terrorist militia arrested” fixed it
 ,The worse part is that it looks like the Border Patrol is working with this group and possibly others. Militias are the unofficial wing of law enforcement because so many of them are ex or current members of law enforcement and the military.
 ,Trying to kill the politicians who try to take care of 100% of the population of the US
 ,But we're gonna need like 20 honest decent Christian Republican Senators in order to make this happen.  I doubt sincerely you will find that many good Republicans at all in the whole USA.
 ,No one on our side is arguing that Trump does not deserve to impeached. It does seem to be the "right" thing to do from a certain historical perspective. But as Democrats we need to ask ourselves if it the smart thing to do. The end game is really important here so it's necessary to look a few moves ahead. I assume Nancy did the same thing and didn't like what she saw. Public opinion is super important. Currently only the Democratic base favors impeachment. Republicans not only oppose impeachment but their minds are made up no matter what evidence they see. This means that getting the 20 GOP Senators to vote for removal is next to impossible since very few will receive any political pressure to vote against their party. Therefore it appears that the odds of the first ever successful removal of an American President in history are infinitesimally small. This then means that the almost certain outcome is every newspaper in America declaring "Senate Clears Trump" and everyone in Trumpworld proclaiming exoneration again.                                                                                                 We then need to look at the possible political effects of impeachment. Polls show that the middle third of America (you know the ones we persuaded to give us the House last year) is very skeptical about impeachment and want us to focus on the stuff that matters to them like health care & jobs. This implies a possible political cost to moving forward with even televised impeachment hearings to Russia-weary country. Some people think that once all the evidence is presented public opinion will change. Maybe it will but maybe it won't and it all goes south with the public at large. Even if this scenario is unlikely it is still many many times more likely than a successful removal. It's simply bad odds for our side.  Another question is why we would force a tough impeachment vote on our new House members from tough districts (the ones that give us the current majority) if in the end there is little chance at ultimate success? Voting for impeachment could hurt them with their voters but voting against would hurt them with their colleagues. I assume these are some of the questions Nancy is wresting with and it's easy to see why she's so hesitant to head down that road.
 ,I recently read a tweet from Mitt Romney talking about how impeachment would only mean a prolonged legislative nightmare- while I’m not a political genius myself I think impeachment (as much as I want it) would only divide our country further
 ,Hell he even try to sell his son so nothing is off the table
 ,Lock ‘im up!
 ,The Democratic party needs to move forward and forget 2016  they need to look at 2020.
 ,I wish there was more clear discussion of the "Nuclear Power secrets being sold to Saudi Arabia" story that broke a month or so ago.  Because it fits in a pattern of behavior of abusing the office and trying to provide things to other countries in exchange for bribes.  We have evidence of plenty of things - but the severity of that particular selling off of America's power to the highest bidder it would make it hard for any sane citizen to be okay with that. "Oh he is just a businessman who has never held public office of course he can keep his hotels open receive as much money as possible and try to sell detailed information about nuclear power and nuclear weapons to a rich nation while avoiding using anything like proper channels or clearance. Nothing to see here folks."EDIT - Why the downvotes?  I am referencing the President's representatives selling out this country - https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-saudi-nuclear-idUSKCN1R82MGTrump's feckless bullshit will have real consequences for decades and I thought it was relevant to the overall case to be made against him.  I guess people feel otherwise.
 ,[removed]
 ,Did Mayor Pete’s policies not result in the gentrification of a number of neighborhoods in South Bend? Were a number of minority families not forced to leave their homes in those neighborhoods? Did he not take donations from the same companies that won contracts to build luxury condos in the same neighborhoods where those homes once stood? Are these not valid criticisms of the man?
 ,I suspect crimes that might lead to even more.
 ,The Democrats need leaders who lead.  Not politicians that go whichever way the wind blows.
 ,Of course if they're not willing to go read the redacted report while they're waiting for their demand for the unredacted one to be met how will they know what the facts are?
 ,Um there is a report that was recently released that seem to point at a few counts of obstruction.
 ,California 2020 Election [Primary Voter Pre-Registration Deadline](http://registertovote.ca.gov/): February 17 2020  [Primary Election](http://www.sos.ca.gov/elections/voter-registration/vote-mail/#apply): March 3 2020 [General Election](http://www.sos.ca.gov/elections/voter-registration/vote-mail/#apply): November 3 2020
 ,They do.  They have since day one.
 ,Is she holding back because she knows the process will be defeated in the senate or this whole thing is not impeachnent worthy?
 ,Facts don't care about your feelings
 ,Or we can just talk about it for a year and a half. And do fucking nothing. Because nothing is going to be done. And by the time impeachment starts he will be out of office or starting a new term. This is getting old. Either fucking do something or shut the fuck up.
 ,If the House sits on this it will be spun as "See there was no criminal activity."
 ,Impeachment should have started the day he took office.
 ,Mitch has been posturing for this the whole time. He'll be able to say after the fact "the Democrats didn't bring impeachment when the facts were clear" and he'll be right.
 ,Democrats aren't going to do a damn thing except issue statements. Barr told them to go fuck themselves and they aren't doing anything about that. Treasury told them to go fuck themselves and so far they've done nothing about that. They simply aren't willing or able to even attempt to deal with corruption and bad faith acting on a scale this massive.
 ,Trump is waiting for Democrats to declare impeachment which at this time is a trap. While we can use all the Mueller report as political fodder to discredit and destroy Trump the temptation to impeach is very strong. I would advise against it!
 ,Dumass title when it has the answer in the article... "And sure the GOP-controlled Senate can stymie any House-passed bill."They tried and GOP looked the other way why would Mitch take up a bill that not only embarrasses the GOP but also stops them from winning future elections they love what the Russians did and are looking forward to 2020s results. Meanwhile dems are trying everything they can to drive the base out to vote unfortunately hacking elections is pretty low in polls because polls matter apparently...
 ,This is a bad take. Sure some people may decide who they like based on gender/race but that's also why people get irritated by the focus on it. More people voted for Hilary in 2016 I'd bet about 65% of the country would rather have her as President right now. Biden benefits greatly from the Obama nostalgia and those memes. Gender likely does play a role in it but it's a lot about how they speak and who they're speaking to.
 ,Biden is riding off of the  Obama  nostalgia and Bernie has the best  policies  (and the holdover support from 2016) Trump is the sitting president Beto is the "young  cool one" with no substance and Pete has  only been in the news recently.I'd say that wraps up their  likability to  college students pretty easily. As a former  politically involved college student not all of them are and I'd say that  plays a  huge rollGender obviously is a factor here but none of the other candidates have the groundswell these have regardless of  gender except  for maybe Kamala  but her voting record and past as a DA taints her in the eyes of a lot of voters. And if their groundswell is an issue it's  more  of a problem with CNN NBC HuffPo Vox  et. al only  giving  coverage to some and not others hell Biden got more coverage  about him  running than Gillibrand or  Gabbard *before* he  even announced. Which obviously is going to affect how the average college kid views the candidates
 ,Why does he word it this way?  Of course Trump isn't working for the American people.  Of course he's working for foreign interests.  The evidence has been public for years now.
 ,I'll give you three guesses...
 ,Because they were colluding and did a wonderful job of covering their tracks.
 ,Why did none of the people report it? They were too busy lying and trying about and to cover up their meetings with Russians.
 ,Not exactly what you're looking for but [Trump did order campaign aides to try and find the emails](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/04/18/us/politics/clinton-emails-trump-russia.html) which would suggest he was serious about his public request for help.
 ,True. Well said.
 ,The political ads write themselves!
 ,It’s sounding like the illegal republican “judges” might actually allow it. In the case that they go through with a fraudulent census what options to we have with recourse? The republicans themselves have proven to be a seditious fascist terrorist organization and now they are literally using illegal means to remove opposing representation. I don’t understand why there aren’t riots about this.
 ,There is a reason it's called the "House Oversight Committee"....
 ,So he went from 'Nobody wants to see my tax return.' to this. Fucking moron just lies and shits on the law.
 ,[removed]
 ,Thanks to all the Easter worshipers
 ,[removed]
 ,I heard Chris Wallace on Fox News declare Watergate was much much worse.  I laughed out loud.  What a buffoon.  Anyone alive during that time knows better.
 ,What’s worse right now is not what happened it’s what is happening with the partisan divide and the desire to win so strong that the Republican Party refuses to do what’s right.  We have the report we now know with affirmation what happened. How on earth can Republicans turn an blind eye to that report? Why on earth are we holding the president to such a ridiculously low standard? What about all the arrests of people in his circle? What about the attempts he made at obstruction when several of his admin. refused to comply with his requests? How on earth are we excusing the behavior of the mob boss who asked his henchmen to commit crimes but because he didn’t...he’s innocent?The president commanded that those around him commit crimeS! It’s like Watergate but easily 10 times in magnitude.
 ,the election fuckery *alone* was worse than watergate. imagine if nixon went to the soviets for help in stealing DNC intel. and yet here we are. republicans have a habit of this it seems.
 ,If you all don’t make an example out of trumpty over this and have it removed it will continue to do the same bullshit over and over again...
 ,What are they going to call this scandal when it's over?I'm mean Watergate seems to have the one word impact like Hindenburg or Waterloo... What's trumps one going to be called?
 ,It's a bit sad that so many people are putting party over country.
 ,[removed]
 ,Extract or change? if your can run SQL you can alter a database.
 ,I want to know if the Russians were seemingly able to change the vote tallies.  But I doubt they will tell us because that could lead to a very messy situation.
 ,Derp. Liberals eating their own as usual.
 ,Sounds good to me.  Open borders are crazy.
 ,fuck accounts like yours that just spam unneeded bullshit.
 ,i'm for pete and focusing my energy on getting him elected instead of fighting battles which though interesting are of no real interest.
 ,Sounds like a tax return "scandal" redux. 4 out of 20 or so Democratic candidates had turned in their tax returns when it was going on yet you'd see stories everywhere about Bernie's tax returns. Now zero Democratic candidates support open borders and you see stories bashing Bernie for not supporting them. And so it goes.
 ,I am. Close to Trump on that and free trade. Very unprogressive. FDR rolls over in his grave.
 ,Some of us are outraged but a significant portion of Bernie's base aren't liberals so they are okay with him being a conservative on issues of race and immigration.
 ,Just casual president assassination plans nothing to see here.
 ,“Pro trump terrorist leader”Fixed it. (Again)
 ,Another peaceful Trump supporter
 ,Bye bye.
 ,Murican terrorist aka magat!
 ,I mean it's so early I don't know if there is much of a reliable picture. You can get a snapshot but it could easily change in 2 weeks entirely with little reason.
 ,According to the latest Emerson poll Bernie Sanders is the only candidate whose base of support is majority people of color at 53%.
 ,We can make somewhat of an inference based on the current state polling and the demographics of those states. If someone is doing well with black voters you would expect to see them leading the polls in those states with high concentrations of black voters. South Carolina is 30 percent black for example. The most recent poll I saw indicated that Biden was leading there by 16 points. This is also a state Bernie lost by 50 points in 2016.
 ,Ask him: @ForecasterEnten ‏
 ,Ok so your point is: Trump is too stupid to be president of the us and we should eliminate him?
 ,[removed]
 ,Adolf Hitler used to refer to the lying press of his enemies as in the “Marxist Lügenpresse” while today Donald Trump disturbingly does the same.https://www.politicususa.com/2017/02/21/trumps-hitler-bromance-leads-quote-hitler-attack-press.html
 ,Guess she won't be inviting him again.
 ,Graham isn't too comfortable around women they terrorize him.*edit: sp*
 ,This is what Inslee does and always does. He is the first to show up to the fight and will see that fight through. He’s been one hell of a governor and rep and he’d make even more of a hell of a president.
 ,Inslee is an awesome candidate One everyone should take a look at.
 ,That is a very interesting take regarding selling their ads that I hadn't considered.  I tend to agree...let them simmer in their own sauce until it's past time for their ads to have been sold and then maybe sign on for a town hall.  It's not like Fox News is likely to look out for these folks in the future after all.
 ,Science to support this?
 ,Evidently the 1 in 5 who do not want their children educated all live around here?  😒
 ,What teacher doesn’t teach climate change? In all of my science classes since I was in 1st taught us about recycling and keeping the environment clean.
 ,Such a charming bloke. /s
 ,Economic anxiety. Democrats should reach out to this fella and get his vote.
 ,Thinks Drumpf will pardon him.
 ,I love how they take every opportunity to prove Hillary’s “basket of deplorables” comment to be right on the money.
 ,Why do they always look the same? And they always wear sunglasses. It's like they're afraid of their racist views being tied to their identity or something.
 ,I'm sure Trump thinks he's a very fine person.
 ,“Pro-trump terrorist”We need to stop giving terrorists like the one in the article the benefit of the doubt. If we don’t treat them as they are vulnerable people will die. It’s happened before and it’s happening now.
 ,What a loser.
 ,Haha eat shit.
 ,He’s required to stay away from guns. How exactly do you monitor that? At least he’s being monitored.
 ,Once again proof positive who the deranged supporters are ....every instance like this is committed by a deranged trumptards !
 ,They should gain a lot of victim points now.
 ,It also paints a picture of the Trump administration as incompetent and unfit to run a McDonald's much less the United States government. I mean we knew that already but it's nice to have written confirmation.
 ,This report isn't telling us anything we didn't already know. Most of the content (and all of the basic foundation) of the report were already public knowledge long reported by the media. The GOP Congress will ignore it Trump will (continue to) decry it as fake news and a deep state coup and finally Trump voters will see it as nothing more than fake news and an attempted deep state coup; because that's the dunning-kruger effect in action.
 ,And here I was thinking trump was a real Boy Scout
 ,Congress needs to lay it out or as usual Trump will continue to to push no collusion no obstruction they’re too many fence sitters who say well if he was guilty Mueller would have charged him or Barr would have charged him. These persons are the type that the Fire isn’t hot until you touch it or the Knife isn’t sharp until they get cut.
 ,At a certain point adults need to come together and realize that any political party only has so much political capital...and they must spend it wisely.If you could show me any chance of getting 66 Senators to agree on impeachement then I am all for it (as much as I fear Mike Pence).But at the end of the day we don't have those votes and never will have those votes even with the most compelling evidence.That means any impeachement move will largely be symbolic to make people feel good.  I am not a huge fan of symbolic moves that are initiated solely that leftists can feel that the Democratic Party is serious about standing up to Trump.  If we haven't demonstrated that point now we never will....and running thru our political capital to soothe the fee fees of  a large voting bloc who hates democrats just as much as they hate republicans and 25% of whom voted for Trump or a third party seems pants on head stupid.So far the only arguments I have seen for impeachment are "We are honor bound to do so!" and "I really hate Trump and this is like laying a really hot insult down on twitter it's bound to get under the skin of trump and his flunkies"...and frankly I think our time is better spent making sure that Trump has no legislative accomplishments to run on in 2020.
 ,Dictator pig!
 ,I thought he gave up running that business?
 ,Can he sue Congress to stop investigating him?Can I sue the local PD to not pull me over for speeding? /s
 ,At this point I don't think anyone is surprised.
 ,Maybe Hannity will make the jump to Russia state media one of these days. Fox will become a stepping stone for a career in Russia.
 ,You mean Fox News?
 ,In Russia’s defense they’re really stupid there it’s the third world you know...in more ways than one !
 ,Radical. This will fix everything. Although the US only creates 15% of greenhouse gases. We can get it down to 7% in 10 years if we really try. Take that China!
 ,And yet they continue to use workers who pay exorbitant amount for their education use the resources of the u.s. paid for and built by taxpayers. And pay nothing towards the society that enables them to have billions upon billions sitting in accounts here or overseas.
 ,And our national debt keeps getting higher and higher and wages barely keeping up with inflation
 ,Well yeah... who do you think that big tax cut was supposed to help?
 ,I got a raise recently of 7 cents and they had the audacity to tell me that was a big raise.
 ,Fuck them all esp. dumpster! Why is nobody talking about the price of gas. He’s such good homies with bone saw so wtf? Haven’t seen a fucking word about it . 4. 19 a gallon in San Diego fuck all those commie ruskie republicans!
 ,Some corporations paid 0℅
 ,This doesn't surprise me one bit.
 ,It is not *necessarily* a bad thing for a corporation to not pay any taxes.  Taxes are paid on profit not revenue. A corporation that brings in $10 billion in earnings but also pays out $10 billion in payroll and expenses has no net profits and owes nothing in taxes. While I do believe that the GOP tax breaks are complete garbage we can't decide that a particular tax policy is bad based solely on corporate tax revenue.
 ,Are we surprised? No. Appalled?  Yes.Want a leader who doesn't embody racism? Then get out and vote!
 ,It doesn’t benefit Trump or his Cult to mention it if it did there would be a dozen tweets.
 ,Wait what should he do? Is it the President's responsibility to do something for every notable crime?
 ,The GOP knows they can’t win unless they cheat.Fortunately we can still outvote their shenanigans if we’re motivated...
 ,The entire turd and repugnant crime family needs to be sent to camps in New Mexico and kept under overpasses until they wither away.
 ,Trump a wannabe mob-type boss probably said to his underlings something like this when the Russians were helping him and these toadies wanted to do something to take advantage of it:  "OK you do what you gotta do.  I don't don't wanna hear about it anymore.  And make sure nothing comes back to me.  I don't want anything to stick. Let the Russkies know I'll reward Vladimir later... when I'm in."
 ,Pretty much.
 ,Pretty much.
 ,Living in the alternative universe has got to stop trumpstification must be squelched at all costs...
 ,As Mueller stated he cannot Indict a sitting president but their is a road map to that possibility which the Republicans don’t want to acknowledge.
 ,Comes a point you just have to turn him off.  Nothing but a fucking embarrassment to this entire country.
 ,Lol how rediculous. This is like the tan suit all over again. Lol
 ,> *Why Conservatives Are So Angry About Obamaâs Reference to âEaster Worshippersâ*Decluttered version of this Slate Magazine's article archived on April 22 2019 can be viewed on https://outline.com/DrRGdV
 ,Why are we even still talking about this clown?
 ,I Love her she’s a bad mama Jamma!
 ,Please tell me you're not being serious right now.... Boston globe?  You're sourcing from Boston Globe? Is this like a meta joke on this sub or something?
 ,He isn’t wrong.
 ,New York 2020 Election [Primary Election Registration Deadline](https://voterreg.dmv.ny.gov/MotorVoter/): October 11 2019 [General Election Date](https://voterlookup.elections.state.ny.us/votersearch.aspx): November 3 2020
 ,Not resigning?
 ,Except collusion.
 ,Yes there is Rudy.
 ,Fires back?
 ,Giuliani ain't right in the head. Has Uranus opposite Moon like Donald Trump
 ,/except it's called treason.
 ,New York 2020 Election [Primary Election Registration Deadline](https://voterreg.dmv.ny.gov/MotorVoter/): October 11 2019 [General Election Date](https://voterlookup.elections.state.ny.us/votersearch.aspx): November 3 2020
 ,He was literally sweating like a stuck pig when he talking beads of sweat rolling off his forehead Hey Rudy don’t try so hard it’s a bad look on you save it for Trump.
 ,yoda: "There should be there should be."
 ,Dems better pursue impeachment if they know what’s good for them. Showing the public they’re wishy-washy wimps who are not willing to fight against even a weak president who committed serious crimes will be electoral disaster.
 ,Only if we pressure our reps.  If the base does nothing our leaders won't out of fear the republicans will use it againsts them.  The only thing dem leaders fear more than republicans is the base.
 ,The old guard dems aren't up for trying to impeach. Even if they were Republicans control the senate and there's zero chance of getting a conviction. And once the senate fails to convict Trump and the GOP will spin that as a total exoneration and vindication of the president which the media will pick up and repeat ad nauseum until enough of the electorate believes it to give Trump a second term and undo the blue wave we got in the house last year.
 ,This is how it’s done. Her campaign has been a master class of substance and unabashed liberalism while standing as a champion for the working class. She’s my top pick in 2020 by far.
 ,Sounds great. But she has no chance to win.  Honestly Democrats need to get it together. Or we're gonna be stuck with another 4 years of the orange idiot.
 ,Not to burst any sides bubbles... but this feels earely familiar to someone else who made a bunch of promises of rolling back a predecessors policies on 1st day in office. Let's all be serious nothing gets done on that first day they are all too busy putting on the ass kissing mud boots and wading back into the swamp. Both sides....
 ,Stephen Miller said he wants zero asylum seekers or immigrants at all coming into the country.
 ,He just wants Scandinavian immigrants. His words.
 ,Why should anyone's debt be wiped out? I can understand the interest payments but if someone chose to go to an expensive private school and another person a less expensive public school we reward the less intelligent decision? And this seems to apply whether or not you graduated. Why? And why does it go up to a household income of $200K except to make sure there are plenty of middle class votes? This reeks of desperation.
 ,Love the concern trolls infiltrating this sub!
 , I can't wait until we get to the debates so people can start questioning some of these plans.A 22 trillion dollar national debt and we want to keep digging the hole deeper and deeper. If anyone tells you we can have a massive infrastructure bill complete student loan debt relief free universal health care free college and fight climate change within the 10-year window they are selling you a bill of goods.Interest payment as a percentage of our deficit spending continues to grow at an astonishing rate. Hopefully we have a nominee who will address this.
 ,Impeach but don’t remove from office Trump being a true Narcissists will go crazy knowing  he was beat and beat bad even if you foreword to justice they will drag there feet and the 2020 election will be here.
 ,Nothing Wrong With Accepting Help From Russians Giuliani Says; unless it is a Democrat. There fixed it for you.
 ,It's very very small value of treason. Really hardly treason at all. More like treasonish.
 ,This is an incredibly bad precedent they're trying to set.
 ,Does ANYONE want to defend this? I would love to hear the delusional reason this is not treason
 ,New York 2020 Election [Primary Election Registration Deadline](https://voterreg.dmv.ny.gov/MotorVoter/): October 11 2019 [General Election Date](https://voterlookup.elections.state.ny.us/votersearch.aspx): November 3 2020
 ,Maybe nothing illegal with accepting help from russians.... but it's wrong you twat.
 ,OMG .....
 ,I want a blind study to be done where participants have to select speech's and dialogs from political leaders and choose who they like the best and why.
 ,Oh how I miss good leadership. Compare this with what trump says and is. Sad.
 ,It’s incredibly sad what happened in Sri Lanka. I hope people are safe.
 ,couldnt even call them CHRISTIANS
 ,Why are they saying ‘Easter Worshippers’? Shouldn’t it say ‘Christians’? If a similar attack were to happen in a synagogue during Passover would they say ‘Passover worshippers’?
 ,Christians do not "worship Easter." That is a pagan comment. We worship Jesus.
 ,[removed]
 ,Thank god at least we have a few Dems in office who talk sense.The reason we're dealing with this right now is because we didn't try to impeach Bush in 2006 but instead used his crimes as a campaign strategy to win in 2008.
 ,We need a winnowing
 ,Yea but Clinton was a Democrat
 ,Yeah but his bj.Now we know.Projection.
 ,Republicans are known to protect their own. The question is whether the Democrats going to do something about the maniac in the White House.
 ,Well he also committed perjury.  Donald Trump lies but he hasn’t under oath.  (Yet)
 ,And the democrats protected Clinton just as republicans will do for Trump. We have to be honest here both parties are playing politics
 ,And it backfired.
 ,The Republicans are foaming at the mouth over this. It's disgusting how eager they are to turn to vigilantism when they don't get their way. Party of law and order my ass.
 ,This is likely due to the ACLU being appalled by the actions of this man and taking steps to notify the FBI. Any time we let the right attack the ACLU we risk little things like this never happening.
 ,Let’s not be confused about who we're talking about here these people are white supremacist who think they have the go ahead to discriminate because they have one of their own in the White House.
 ,>“Today’s arrest by the F.B.I. indicates clearly that the rule of law should be in the hands of trained law enforcement officials not armed vigilantes.”Yes we should all put our trust in our trained police forces.
 ,Deploy the state National Guard. Kill this militia
 ,This is nonsense and not helpful at all.Way of the Bern is a rightie plant sub not to be taken seriously.“all of” no one is doing this. Byeeeee
 ,Keep in mind that Russian trolls are all over the internet trying to divide democrats so dont assume you are seeing real Bernie supporters.   Most of the Seth Rich stuff I have seen came from Trump supporters.  We now know that it was wikileaks and the russians who spread the rumor that he was the source of the leaks to cover themselves.
 ,No one besides a few crazies and russian or right wing trolls posts or believes anything crazy about seth rich. Bernie Sanders supporters and popularity is being maligned by corporate media- in that sense cnn fox and msnbc are the same in their smearing of Bernie. Why are you letting trolls and possibly foreign bad actors influence your opinion of progressives and millennials and young people who support Sanders?
 ,>So I don't expect an apology from Sanders Supporters or "progressives" for spending the last 3 years insisting that Seth Rich was the source of the DNC email hacks for Wikileaks and that the DNC and Hillary Clinton personally had him killed for it. I understand that this apology will never be forthcoming.I a Bernie Sanders-supporter have never insisted such a thing. It is a terrible accusation. But I fully admit there are many crazy Sanders-supporters. There are crazy Sanders-supporters who spread conspiracy theories—just like there are crazy anti-Sanders folks who insist that Sanders is secretly racist or misogynist or that he was paid off by Russia. Sadly this is true for many politicians’ supporters. Crazy Sanders-supporters are unusually vocal about their craziness.Personally I am of the opinion that Sanders’ platform happens to appeal to those who are generally distrustful of politicians or the status quo. As a result in addition to sane supporters and those who just support his policies this attracts lunatics and conspiracy theorists. And those misanthropes tend to be very loud and obnoxious.So although I have never pushed the aforementioned Seth Rich conspiracy theory let me apologize on behalf of all those who have. They should not have done so.>What I would like to discuss is...why after the release of the Mueller report are all of the Sanders subs still insisting that there was a grand conspiracy to kill Seth Rich? Even though they are actively hurting a grieving family and as far as I can tell are not attracting any new supporters to Sanders by going on an on about Seth Rich. r/wayofthebern even has a sidebar link they added a few days ago insisting that Seth Rich was personally murdered by Hillary Clinton. Not that this is limited to just that subreddit every Bernie subreddit was banging the Seth Rich Drum for such a long time...and many still do to this day.I do not subscribe to r/wayofthebern. I find it positively insane. Their commenters sound like Trump-supporters in their level of insanity just with a progressive twist. To be honest I’m not very active in any Sanders subs so I can’t speak for them.What I can say is that extremists when given a voice tend to attract those who feel ostracized. As such I have tried to decrease the ostracizing of sane Sanders-supporters in r/democrats. Many sane Sanders-supporters do feel ostracized by more “mainstream” democrats (or those who have been influenced by the extremism in subs like r/Enough_Sanders_Spam ).  I am of the opinion that if they felt more welcome here they’d be less likely to be swayed by extremism.>So I guess My question to Bernie Sanders supporters is...why are you so horrible? Why would you use a young man's tragic murder as a plank in your "vote for Bernie!" platform? What do you hope to gain by continually insisting it's true?As a Bernie Sanders-supporter I’m upset that you find me “so horrible.” Extremists will do anything to push their agenda. If I had to guess I’d assume they believe that but pushing liberals away from mainstream Democrats they’d default to Bernie Sanders. But this is just a guess. I also suspect many of them to be Russian trolls or Trump-plants.>I keep seeing a lot of Sanders supporters insisting that Bernie is being maligned by the media that people are dismissing his supporters out of hand . . .Are you not dismissing Sanders-supporters our or hand by virtue of this post though?>. . . that we original Democrats must take your thoughts and feelings into account if we ever want to win another election . . .“Original” Democrats? When I turned 18 I drove to the office if the head of the Democratic Party in my hometown so I could register with my local party. I vote down the line (D) in every election. I have convinced friends to register to vote. I have canvassed and collected donations for the Party.  And I’ve done this all years and years before Sanders threw his hat into the ring in 2015. Don’t presume that someone is not a “real” Democrat by virtue of supporting Sanders.>. . . but when I go to your subreddits to learn what your thoughts and feelings are I see about a thousand posts and sidebars saying Pizzagate is real that Seth Rich was murdered by the DNC not to mention the non-stop attacks on other candidates..not just attacks on their policies but attacks on their gender their sexuality their race etc.>It's hard to take you people seriously when this is the face you show to the world.I understand your anger and frustration. I agree with it. Attacks based on gender sexuality and race should never be tolerated. As I’ve said before I suspect that some of these are trolls but I know that’s not all of them. But what you’re doing is conflating moderates with extremists. Sadly just like you seem to assume that most-if-not-all Sanders-supporters are lunatics many Sanders-supporters tend to conflate “mainstream” Democrats with the people who post on r/Enough_Sanders_Spam. Just like there are people who look for reasons to hate mainstream Democrats there are those who look for reasons to hate Sanders-supporters. If we can all learn to respect one another’s personal policy positions and candidate preferences the extremists on both sides would start to lose power.
 ,Not much to talk about. Sanders fans will go as low and dirty as they can. The shit they pulled on Warren with her DNA rest shocked me. They're going to need votes from other candidates if they are going to win. They're more than happy to burn bridges for a 5 minute gain.
 ,Knew who it was before I even clicked it. This guy is worth looking at. He had brought to Washington State the stuff other candidates dream of doing. He is one of the few who has actually done the things he talks about.
 ,Amazingly a drop of only 3%. Showing that most people could not be swayed by anything. Even if he shot someone on Fifth Ave. Very sad to say the least.
 ,Memory is short. It'll pop back up especially with repeated bolstering by his fanclub.
 ,Fuck Assange I hope he gets Shivved in prison
 ,Again why I say Hang Assange !
 ,So he was murdered?
 ,[removed]
 ,Totally agree. Even further PARDON those who are in jail for non-violent marijuana offenses like Yang has advocated.
 ,Uh-oh. Republicans are going to start saying bad things about her.
 ,I'm glad to see this is an issue more and more Democrats especially 2020 candidates are starting to agree on. Legalize. Tax. Regulate. End the War on Drugs and overhaul our unethical racist criminal justice system.
 ,I don't love everything she does but I love how butt hurt she makes republicans.
 ,Tulsi 2020!!
 ,Trump wouldn't have hired him if he was concerned with upholding the law. He only hires spineless sycophants and amoral scumbags.
 ,He's doing exactly what Trump hired him to do.No surprise from me.......
 ,He should RESIGN!!!
 ,He wrote a 19 page resume saying he would do just that.
 ,Miller looked like a fucking robot standing there I literally watched to see if he blinked. That guy scares me a bit.
 ,"Legal experts"
 ,Yeah yeah yeah don’t complain about it do something remove bar as acting Attorney General and take away his license To practice law.
 ,Colbert showed 3-4 clips of FOX talking heads levelling same complaint. Watch!The Republican machine is *finally* turning on him. Or are they just hedging bets?
 ,I think he did a good job with the report. It was his job to determine if the evidence was enough to prosecute obstruction of justice beyond a reasonable doubt. He couldn’t recommend it. It’s time to move on from this.
 ,Eh.
 ,is anyone REALLY surprised? slow news day i suppose.
 ,🤔
 ,Why wouldn’t they want a smarter gun to exist? This doesn’t make sense to me.
 ,“It’s time to militarize the populations of the world in a global effort to prevent our own destruction” I’m not sure that I agree with this part. What do you mean exactly?
 ,This is pretty much exactly how the first world war started... former leader just decides to stop leading and everyone starts to jockey for new leadership. Nature abhors a vaccum and it's unlikely everyone will just agree to go in the same direction.
 ,Excellent thoughts and comment. Excellent.
 ,Well of course it doesn't?  The "full" story is going to necessarily be classified for quite some time.  I mean unless we care more about the world knowing the "full" story than we do about actually countering their actions.  I know which one I care more about.
 ,The report is fairly clear that Trump did obstruct several times and attempted to obstruct multiple times to cover various violations.  The report doesn’t clearly show whether Trump colluded with Russia. The reason for this is not because Trump’s innocent of that it’s because the Russia investigation is still ongoing with various agencies besides the FBI which deals mostly with national criminal investigations and likely includes multiple agencies such as the CIA NSA DOD and DHS and probably more. As a result much of the Russia collusion and Russian interference is redacted from Mueller’s report.
 ,Mueller confirming what everyone knows.
 ,Gasp! Say it ain't so!
 ,Trump is projection personified
 ,Why is this even news?
 ,Sounds like trumpty to make up stuff to get pissed off at... except again nobody was fooled but him.
 ,The sky is blue rocks are hard dog run fast
 ,“Well I could have told you that...” -Uncle Rico
 ,No surprise there
 ,Obviously just an autocorrect mistake or something. At least he deleted it.
 ,I hope someone told him this doesn’t work with a Nuclear Launch 🚀 it seem he acts first without thought then thinks “ Oh shit I am Fucked”.
 ,Clickbait. Wants to wait until people testify in front of the House Judiciary Committee.If he is still going to play "on the fence" after that it's time to find a primary challenger.
 ,FiveWhiteGuysFive White Guys Tell Women Who Delivered House Majority They Don't MatterSeth Moulton and #Tim Ryan are leading an effort to defeat Nancy Pelosi's bid for Speaker but they don't seem to be able to offer a viable alternative.
 ,Just because he didn’t do what Trump asked doesn’t mean Don McGahn isn’t a total cunt either because he knew Trump was committing crimes but just hung in there tried to burnish his fucking resume and never blew the whistle. Fuck Don McGahn. He’s a lawyer and no dummy and he knew better. That makes him the worst person in the WH not named Trump or Kushner IMO.
 ,I agreed wholeheartedly. At the very least he's guilty of conspiracy. There's no reason why he should not be put up for impeachment now. Just based on the redacted report. Imagine what the unredacted report will suggest (as far as criminal charges).&#x200B;Dems need more intestinal fortitude. Stop being so scared of impeachment or the possible rioting of the MAGA crowd.
 ,> *Don McGahn Not Listening to Donald Trump Doesnât Absolve the President of a Crime*Decluttered version of this Slate Magazine's article archived on April 19 2019 can be viewed on https://outline.com/eEvgAs
 ,It’s heartening to see that more and more Dems in the field are calling for impeachment. Warren is leading the charge and I liked that Inslee first was first on the side of voting out to vote out the toxic culture of Trumpism but is shifting as “new” evidence makes that solution too benign.
 ,We could probably use a megathread for candidate positions on impeachment at this point.
 ,Morally and ethically it only makes sense to draft articles of impeachment.  People can say what they want about politically what it means but I've found that when you do the right thing as much as possible the cards fall in your favor.
 ,So far all I know about Pete is his dislike for pence and trump admiral qualities for sure I look forward to learning his positions when he gets around to putting it in writing. Guess I'll have to wait for him to figure out what his donors want it is a pragmatic if old guard approach.
 ,I think mayor Pete should focus on his city with problems rather than try to run for president. But that’s just me prolly.
 ,Impeachment at this stage is incredibly short sighted and I'm surprised PB would say this. The bar should be raised after the Clinton bullshit impeachment not lowered.
 ,Oh my god what a brave soul he wants the Donald to be impeached./s
 ,>The Republican National Committee raised $15.5 million in March and spent almost as much — $13.5 million — as the committee prepares for the campaign for President Donald Trump’s reelection.>The RNC ended the month with $33.1 million cash on hand. It has raised close to $46 million this year a staggering sum compared to the Democratic National Committee which has not yet released its fundraising totals for the month of March but had raised $12.7 million as of the end of February. The Trump campaign announced earlier this week it had stockpiled $40 million adding to Republicans’ campaign war chest as Democrats instead enter a months-long primary election.
 ,This man belongs in jail.  If he wasn't threatening democrats he would be going after his neighbors.  So give him a nice long prison sentence.
 ,We can thank right wing politicians and #DonTheCon for that
 ,A Florida man?Really?
 ,I mean. I'm conservative and tend to vote Republican.  I'd imagine most of Republicans are also happy this guy is caught.
 ,But But her emails!!!
 ,126 million people consumed Russia propaganda.  Sean Hannity KellyAnn Conway DJTJr all retweeted Russia propaganda. according to Mueller.  The report makes it very clear that evidence was either encrypted deleted or worse in the hands of the Russians.  Hillary lost due to a few counties in very few states.   Will we ever be able to say definitively either way?  No.  Were they influencers?  Hell yeah.
 ,“They didn’t impact my vote!” lots of Trump voters.
 ,We get the democracy we deserve.
 ,[removed]
 ,As it was intended to prove
 ,This has Republican written all over it.
 ,>Sen. Maureen Walsh **R**-16Wow what a surprise who could have seen that coming? /s
 ,Is this perhaps in light of the contents of the redacted Mueller Report the first step in Fox News backing away from the Trump Train because they see it as likely he's going down?
 ,Arrest them; press every possible charge.
 ,There's a left wing paramilitary group? No one tells me anything...
 ,This could turn deadly in a jiffy and it could spark some really nasty clashes. Imagine if one of the migrants fights a militia and get shot and Border patrol mistakenly thinks militia is a coyote and shoots militia man sparking an all out gun battle...Jesus H Christ!!!
 ,Crenshaw is a douche
 ,Who should we believe? A 9/11 firefighter or a guy that is just fine with the Muller reports findings about how much Trump lied?I mean at this point can we safely say that anyone supporting the Republican party support active self servicing deception?
 ,Remember when this idiot went on SNL calling for unity and civility? Just another GOP fraud.
 ,Smells like Jade Helm
 ,...or he just thinks you're a shithead.
 ,boo hoo boo hoo
 ,Crenshaw claims Serra is “highly dishonest” in terms of his comments and association with Rose.  It’s the pot and kettle all over again... sounds just like Donnie doesn’t it?
 ,Delusion has no bounds ...
 ,He’s a Trump clone just another Narcissistic horror show waiting to happen.
 ,This is not a political question at this point. It is a requirement if the constitution means anything. Democrats have to stop playing politics on this. It will cost them 2020 if they treat this like a political calculation.
 ,It's so late in the game that it's almost pointless. Elections are in 2020 and while Trump is running we have no idea what his odds of winning are yet though the backlash to his failures to deliver and the tax scam reaction are not in his favor. Either way at best it's a hail mary that getting Senate members to take a position will affect elections. Yes it could motivate people to vote them out IF they're sick of Trump and the Senate's compliance with him. OR it could backfire and lose us House AND Senate seats which we need more than we need a Democrat president in 2020. The courts are already stacked. We need legal power.It would be the ultimate limp noodle look if an investigation carried into 2020 and Trump isn't still president. Even worse if it loses us votes we'll be in even worse shape.
 ,Good by her.
 ,I'm glad to see someone is trying to do what's right instead of solely focusing on what's politically convenient
 ,Buttigieg also called for impeachment
 ,Who cares. i want congressman to follow!
 ,No other candidates will not follow.  Because it’s stupid.  What’s your plan?  Another 2 year investigation?  How about win an election? If the Democrats can’t beat Trump they should quit.
 ,My hero
 ,Is it certain now that he hasn't?  There are 12 investigations we didn't know anything about and a handful of sealed indictments that may/may not be related to Mueller.In any case I'm pretty confident that SDNY will nail him to the wall.
 ,This is my theory. Mueller didn't want to indict Jr. until NY closed its loophole where a person cannot be tried on a state level if they are already being tried on a federal level. 45 could pardon his son from federal charges assuming he was willing to plead guilty and then he'd be off scot free. Once NY fixes its loophole he will be indicted and tried in NY if not on federal charges.
 ,Mueller plainly laid out all the evidence that they found talked about what was lost due to encryption/destruction explicitly refused to exonerate Trump and clearly called for Congress to take the next steps...
 ,It's not a mystery at all Mueller spells it out plainly and literally: DOJ guidelines hold that he can't indict a sitting President and Mueller chose to play everything by the book.It's up to the House to start impeachment proceedings so we can get a fuller picture and remove the President on the basis of criminal activity. By not indicting himself Mueller also *explicitly* noted that Trump could be prosecuted if out of office in the next few years.Tell Steny Hoyer to shut his mouth and for Democrats to not softball a criminal President as if it's just a campaign advantage. Maybe pass the message to Pelosi as well.[Edit: I read the headline as Trump not Jr whoops]
 ,Indicting a president is not just a legal move but a political one. Mueller understandably did not want to tread into that territory. His report is unbiased and neutral it's up to congress to interpret the report and hold the president accountable.
 ,It's no mystery everything has to be framed in such a way to prevent Trump from pardoning Jr. Muller gathered and consolidated information for other organizations to act and right now the GOP are currently going to try and stonewall legal action against them burry evidence claim ignorance misdirect and scapegoat. They have no idea the full extent of Mueller's findings or what other organizations more have against them. They know Putin has dirt that might flip their voters against them but now they have to decide against America or Putin. It's likely why we saw and are seeing so many Republicans have been jumping ship. Either Trump is to criminal for their comfort or they have been caught and are protected their own asses. They saw the indictments they are well aware of Cohen's material they know Trump is compromised. Putin and Trump waged war against the FBI CIA NSA the highest GDP States and allied powers. Every protest dwarfs right wing gatherings. Every violent act another right winger does and is imprisoned for is an example. The calling of white supremacists terrorist eats away at their support. Their inability to field a functional city that can compare to liberal cities is a real world indicator that Conservitism doesn't work.
 ,It’s not a mystery at all. The DOJ subscribes to the Unitary Executive Theory the president can not commit a crime.
 ,Because he's a republican
 ,Mueller unlike trump and the GOP still respects rule of law and the judicial system. It is not his place to indict him. Unless trump is implicated in one of the sealed indictments (which could be wasted if mueller overreached) he is wise not to pursue an indictment without congress making the first moves.
 ,Correct me if I’m wrong but mueller effectively said his job was to collect the evidence and the rest of the government to do with it what they will
 ,I’m no expert. And correct me if I’m wrong. Would Mueller indict for crimes outside of the scope of his investigation? I would assume yes but would it be possible that this evidence would just be passed onto investigators whose purview is DT Jr.?
 ,It's not really a mystery it's says in the report that there was no evidence of a direct agreement between the two parties for coordination. The July 9th meeting shows that they tried to get information but prosecutors can't prove that a deal between the two parties was actually made which is the final piece to establish conspiracy. A lot of information had been deleted or withheld due to Fifth Amendment protections though so a smoking gun could have existed but they were not able to obtain it.
 ,Because he would have been almost instantaneously pardoned.
 ,I think he felt sorry for him because he’s so fucking stupid.
 ,So Don jr. was too much of a dullard to indict?
 ,If Jr. was indicted The potus would then pardon his son. Nobody wants to see that happen.
 ,I thought it was bc he was too stupid to understand if he committed a crime or not?
 ,[removed]
 ,Yep as he was screaming I love Wikileaks and witch hunts...
 ,Lol... why didn't they want this "ditzy bartender" (as the right calls her) to come? LolApparently they're afraid she's "smarter" than the coal miners?
 ,New York 2020 Election [Primary Election Registration Deadline](https://voterreg.dmv.ny.gov/MotorVoter/): October 11 2019 [General Election Date](https://voterlookup.elections.state.ny.us/votersearch.aspx): November 3 2020
 ,This is gonna be interesting...
 ,Isn’t he the guy that’s known for lying for Trump?
 ,New York 2020 Election [Primary Election Registration Deadline](https://voterreg.dmv.ny.gov/MotorVoter/): October 11 2019 [General Election Date](https://voterlookup.elections.state.ny.us/votersearch.aspx): November 3 2020
 ,Somewhere Bill Clinton is watching all this and chuckling.
 ,I was a 12yo in 1994 when I enrolled into a free calligraphy class at a Bronx Community Center.  Giuliani cut funding and therefore my course got cancelled.  I sent him angry mail (with samples of calligraphy 😂) and got no reply.  I am now nearly 38 live far away from The Bronx and I still hold this grudge.  I can’t wait for him to FINALLY fall into obscurity.  PS RG is a Bronx joke! (he Married his cuz in St Philip Neri church).  So happy Yankee Stadium booed him for his bday!!!
 ,What do you expect from immoral dropped on its head Rudy
 ,And Mitt can put it all behind now and move on he's done here.
 ,All these republicans do is put out meaningless statements and move on to aiding and abetting
 ,He should also be sickened by his party and himself
 ,He may be sickened but he’s done his part to support Trumpy. Fuck him. He’s a two faced bitch.
 ,He is so sickened he will do nothing.
 ,I have a different question under this scenario.If there was zero collusion on the Russian's proven interference with out election how come Trump has done zero to punish them and zero to assure such blatant attacks on out country do not happen again?
 ,[removed]
 ,Why ANYONE would put this lying sack of shit on the air is beyond me.     STOP GIVING HER AIR TIME
 ,the WHCA are too spineless to do anything
 ,They should but they won't. News is a business not a service.
 ,To be perfectly honest I think this Administration would LOVE that.
 ,She’s going to lie wether you’re there or not don’t go why waist your time.
 ,2 chins and a side chin. How does one even have a double chin or even triple chin on the side of their face? It’s like a beard of chins.Probably from telling **lies.**
 ,Should but won’t...the press should have boycotted trumpty right from the git go...they didn’t and became part of the problem...
 ,Apparently the only candidate with balls.
 ,> *Elizabeth Warren Wants the House to Start Impeachment Proceedings Against Trump*Decluttered version of this Slate Magazine's article archived on April 19 2019 can be viewed on https://outline.com/AcqvrL
 ,California 2020 Election [Primary Voter Pre-Registration Deadline](http://registertovote.ca.gov/): February 17 2020  [Primary Election](http://www.sos.ca.gov/elections/voter-registration/vote-mail/#apply): March 3 2020 [General Election](http://www.sos.ca.gov/elections/voter-registration/vote-mail/#apply): November 3 2020
 ,Just avoid the right. Completely cut them out of any dialog and discussion. They are a threat to journalists and internally support liars.
 ,The democrats and potential presidential candidates need to jump all over this. Under this disgrace of a president U.S. soldiers where disarmed and interrogated on U.S. soil by soldiers of a foreign army. &#x200B;This never happened under Obama Clinton or Bush or any other post-civil war president. This is an absolute disgrace. And it happened on Drumpf's watch.
 ,>‘That's actually what I said at the beginning of your presidency’ the ‘Late Show’ host joked.I don't think he was joking.
 ,Likely because they directly involved most of the GOP and right wing organizations.
 ,This sums it up doesn't it? This is the cited article https://www.eenews.net/stories/1060162805
 ,Jay Inslee is the guy who has actually done all the other candidates just talk about doing. As governor of Washington. he has already brought a public option healthcare plan to the state. He's is the man all the other candidates want to be.
 ,**"Republicans represent some of the fastest-warming states in the country."**&#x200B;Often illegally. One look at North Carolina could convince anyone that their control of the legislature isn't legitimate.
 ,We can safely assume Republicans are outright liars. They likely know climate change is real and know the poor are going to be most effected by it.
 ,More like criminal.  Then again look who their president is (not mine even though I’m an American).
 ,When there is no lower to go treason is kinda the bottom.
 ,There never was but he doesn’t care and neither does djt
 ,Republicans don't need no steeking credibility. The country votes majority Democrat and our government is majority Republican. This isn't a democracy it's a country where Republicans are an occupying force.
 ,William Barr Must Resign?   He won't because he's a piece of shit?Hammer him and Republicans every.single.day.  "Republicans are weak on national security they've got a stooge as AG who lied to the American people to cover up Russian attacks on America.""Barr is not America's AG he's a personal lawyer to President Trump.  Republicans are weakening our laws and reputation to cover up Trump's corruption."Etc etc etcNever let anyone forget what's going on.
 ,Resign?  That would require morals and ethics.  He has neither.
 ,That's the problem with the GOP; it's swamp all the way down or Siberian Tundra in this case.
 ,What a cesspool.
 ,He will never resign. He auditioned for the job he wanted and got it. He’s nothing more than a political hack.
 ,Credibility has never been a concern unless applied to Democrats...
 ,He doesn’t need to credibly run the DoJ as there is no credibility in this administration.
 ,He's about protecting Trump not the country.  The sad thing is he doesn't make Jeff Sessions look so bad.
 ,The funny thing is that I trust him more than I do Trump. Yeah that's not saying much but at least Barr you can predict.
 ,Considering you could replace Barr with most of Trump's administration I have a feeling he won't resign.
 ,Diss Barred from ever practicing again would be more fitting !
 ,Honestly I don't care if he stays. My only condition would be that we make a slight name adjustment:He now is the head of the Department of "Justice"
 ,Why not trump has no credibility and he's not about to resign. There is no such thing as accountability in our government. Trump will most likely not be impeached at all no matter what he does.
 ,> *William Barr Must Resign*Decluttered version of this Slate Magazine's article archived on April 18 2019 can be viewed on https://outline.com/GSzfZp
 ,Not surprising. We know they hacked election. To get dumb in
 ,In other news water is wet
 ,"Because we determined not to make a traditional prosecutorial judgement we did not draw conclusions about the president's conduct.  The evidence we obtained about the President's actions and intent presents difficult issues that would need to be resolved if we were making a traditional prosecutorial judgement. At the same time if we had confidence after a thorough investigation of the facts that the President clearly did not commit obstruction of justice we would so state.  Based on the facts and the applicable legal standards we are unable to reach that judgement.  Accordingly while this report does not conclude that the President committed a crime it also does not exonerate him".Literally nothing about that exonerates him!
 ,Also: https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/apr/19/mueller-report-unable-to-clear-trump-of-obstruction-of-justice
 ,Is freak show to harsh?
 ,California 2020 Election [Primary Voter Pre-Registration Deadline](http://registertovote.ca.gov/): February 17 2020  [Primary Election](http://www.sos.ca.gov/elections/voter-registration/vote-mail/#apply): March 3 2020 [General Election](http://www.sos.ca.gov/elections/voter-registration/vote-mail/#apply): November 3 2020
 ,Too bad the cancer has metastasized.
 ,His wife's silence since the report came out has been deafening.
 ,Too bad the Senate is the one to do it and we all know the retarded turtle won't let that happen.
 ,While I agree with most of the things George Conway says about Trump I can't help but be a bit suspicious.  He is married to a Trump enabler.  I can't even be friends with my Trump supporting former friends anymore and have distanced myself a bit from my Trump supporting relatives.
 ,Wtf
 ,You can tell what the right wing thinks of intellectuals by who they say are their "intellectuals".It's like saying chef boyardee is your personal cook.
 ,Trump is not smart enough to know if he's fucked or not.
 ,Misleading headline.  He meant it in the context of having a special counsel appointed means you can get very little passed.  Not defending the guy but the quote is being taken out of context by a lot of outlets.
 ,Can someone give me the exact area I can look at where Mueller suggests Congress take action?
 ,I’ve made this point for that last year. Mueller needs congress.
 ,Guess Trump was wrong about this like he’s wrong about most everything. We’re going on almost 3 years and nothing is going to happen.
 ,[removed]
 ,He was fucked long before that...
 ,Like anything the man has ever said mattered...
 ,Narrator: he was correct. He’s fucked.
 ,New York 2020 Election [Primary Election Registration Deadline](https://voterreg.dmv.ny.gov/MotorVoter/): October 11 2019 [General Election Date](https://voterlookup.elections.state.ny.us/votersearch.aspx): November 3 2020
 ,HARD PASS
 ,[removed]
 ,Nah
 ,I will vote for the Democratic nominee whether it's Biden Bernie Booker Buttigieg or a bacon egg and cheese sandwich.*That said* Jesus Christ we don't need another old straight white dude in the race especially not a handsy one with boundary issues. Maybe once just once we should elect someone that was born after the last World War.
 ,No thanks.  Dont need someone right of obama at this time.  He won't beat donny.
 ,Biden is going to have a huge advantage being the first to primary states are in Iowa and new Hampshire
 ,All I want is for Biden to have a Selina Meyer fantasy and get stuck with the VP role again.
 ,I find it interesting that Biden has lost Presidential bids twice before but everyone is fine with that while since losing her second bid Hillary has faced non-stop demands that she live out the rest of her life as a hermit. This is of course not at all Biden's fault I just think it's a really blatant example of the misogyny still endemic in the American left.
 ,I like Biden. Sorry haters but if you don't like him then support and vote for someone else.
 ,Jeezus enough with the Boomer generation...step aside.
 ,[removed]
 ,This is how you get another term for Trump and his mafia circle of administration. Sad!
 ,Biden would be a great pair with Sanders.
 ,Journalist. Right. Just another friend of Putin doing his bidding. Oh Julian by the time you get here Trump will be gone and you are going to go down so hard. Have you seen that Supermax in Florence Colorado? You think the embassy was bad. If you weren't so gutless you be better off doing the good Nazi thing.
 ,So fucked I remember when Reddit was floating around a picture of him spouting their hate.
 ,https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2019/04/pee-tape-mueller-report.html
 ,New York 2020 Election [Primary Election Registration Deadline](https://voterreg.dmv.ny.gov/MotorVoter/): October 11 2019 [General Election Date](https://voterlookup.elections.state.ny.us/votersearch.aspx): November 3 2020
 ,Just let SDNY lock him up instead it has more meaning !
 ,It's bizarre that the only reason Trump isn't in more trouble is because he's as incompetent at crime as he is at running the country.
 ,Let's Rolll.
 ,Leadership already said no impeachment.  They will give Donny a pass out of fear of backlash from republican voters.
 ,So he’s dumb when convenient and stupid the rest of the time...got it !
 ,He answered some form of "I don't remember" thirty times. That's thirty more things they could have gotten him on that never came to light.
 ,I’m not a Republican... I turned away because of my disgust for the practice of shielding priests who abuse children.
 ,Trump is the Republican Pope.
 ,Separation of church and state is for the benefit of the church
 ,Other than a wedding and a funeral I haven't been to church since the 2016 election.  I rarely went on my own anyway but sometimes I would tag along if I was visiting my parents and they were going.  I can't stand that so many Christians voted for Trump because they hate abortion and LGBT so much and I do not want to affiliate myself with that.  Many religious people I know voted for him for that reason.
 ,Religion should be a bastion of hope for hopeless but it is really a pit of vipers telling themselves they are bunnies.
 ,I associate fundamentalist religion of any sort as one of the root causes of war around the world.
 ,Yes but with Barr’s gift of exoneration to Trump he and the rest of Trump’s cronies and Fox News will make certain that the rabid right and the merely-drooling right will not hear “obstruction“ but “exoneration” only.
 ,Yes... it's on page one.My immediate question is since there definitely was Russian interference in our election why hasn't Trump done anything and what has he done to prevent it from happening again. This inaction alone should be reason to scare the shit out of everyone.
 ,The sad thing is his cult will still vote for him.
 ,We can only hope.
 ,since most political pundits believe that independents are key to winning i think it's a clever scheme to pass a bill like you described. thanks for the post OP.
 ,> *Everything the Mueller Report Says About the Pee Tape*Decluttered version of this Slate Magazine's article archived on April 18 2019 can be viewed on https://outline.com/z9n7Hy
 ,> *Thanks to Mueller Democratic Leadership Has a Clear Path to the One Thing It Doesn’t Want*Decluttered version of this Slate Magazine's article archived on April 18 2019 can be viewed on https://outline.com/mdK3dX
 ,Honestly I agree with this. Impeachment is the angry first response to this president and would have been great two years ago but now it's Kore worth it let him keep fucking up and making the Democrats look good. And if by some miracle he does get reelected they've got material to use against him then. Impeaching him now would be like moving out of an already checkmate game to take your opponents bishop
 ,They both need to spend more time together... in a power-dead spacecraft floating into the sun.
 ,MAY 23?!!!!  WTF?!!  This is typical political BULLSHIT! We want it all and we want it NOW! Stand up and make it happen!
 ,Maybe Barr will pull a Whitaker and tell Nadler “your five minutes are up” and Nadler will....do nothing and move on.  Toughen the F up.
 ,Why a month from now?  The public doesn't need to see it all I get that there are ongoing investigations.  But his committee needs to have it now not in a month.
 ,Tomorrow!
 ,Let's go on impeachment! Contact your reps
 ,New York 2020 Election [Primary Election Registration Deadline](https://voterreg.dmv.ny.gov/MotorVoter/): October 11 2019 [General Election Date](https://voterlookup.elections.state.ny.us/votersearch.aspx): November 3 2020
 ,And what will he do if he does not get it? provide another fucking deadline?
 ,> *A Former DOJ Spokesman on Why Barr’s Press Conference Was “Disgraceful”*Decluttered version of this Slate Magazine's article archived on April 18 2019 can be viewed on https://outline.com/9LUcw3
 ,This post is political satire.*I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/democrats) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,If Trump asked Putin he could leak the report out to us early.
 ,Putin is very honest we should trust his word over Trump and Mueller for sure.
 ,I shouldn't laugh because this shit is serious but you caught me off guard.
 ,Psh Putin couldn't care less.He's probably beside himself laughing at how badly the United States government is handling Trump in general.
 ,Not satire.  This (at least the title) is almost certainly happening.
 ,The boss does not do shit like that it goes to the apprentice Adolf "Boldfinger" Twitler
 ,What we need is a Wikileaks-type organization who is willing to leak this type of stuff. Wikileaks can't be trusted of course since they are simply a front for Russian intelligence. And you know *they* aren't going to leak an uncensored version of the report.
 ,I'm sure that's just a happy ”coincidence”
 ,No collusion
 ,Why would he condemn something that got him in his current position?
 ,Did anyone expect anything else?  The man is the “Great American Stain”.
 ,I still want to know what Cohen did for Hannity.
 ,You’re right.You are high.
 ,Any plan that relies on Ben fucking Sasse to do the right thing instead of just moralizing about doing right things is a plan built on nothing more than pipe dreams. That dude is a completely empty suit.
 ,Some would talk a good game but most if not all of them would not go against Trump on something so important.
 ,I'd be shocked if even one of them did.  Most of them are probably worried about re-election (Gardner Collins Ernst Sasse)  I was surprised 12 voted to terminate the "national emergency."  But you can bet your ass I'll be calling my Senator (Portman) today to tell him to vote for impeachment.
 ,Trump is hugely popular with republican voters.  Unless that changes no republican senator will turn on him.  And you assume all dems will.....have you heard of joe manchin?   If they could convince pence to jump aboard....he would become president after all....then maybe.  But once again  if pence pisses off republican voters he will only be president for a few months with no hope of reelection.   And all senators that supported him will be voted out too.
 ,They will if they show up.  That’s the key
 ,Need a woman to clean our political house
 ,But only if they vote.
 ,Buttigieg is the reason I became a Democrat after 18 years of being a Republican. Literally got this in the mail today: [https://i.imgur.com/NdWTO5G.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/NdWTO5G.jpg)
 ,This is why there are about a thousand attack threads in this sub and politics attacking Buttigieg.  He’s the latest target for the bern-atics
 ,Feel free to come hang out:) r/pete_buttigieg
 ,I'd definitely prefer Buttigieg to Sanders. Versus Biden not quite so sure but honestly I suspect his age would be a big point against him in the election. Honestly not sure why people aren't talking about this more but I really don't think people will want another older president after all of Trump's embarrassing senior moments on the world stage.
 ,> *William Barr Has Failed America*Decluttered version of this Slate Magazine's article archived on April 18 2019 can be viewed on https://outline.com/nfygCA
 ,I don’t know if you can fail if you never intended to try in the first class. Failed at cheating maybe.
 ,I hate to be this way but are we just screwed? I'm currently of the mindset that impeachment may have never been a real option. Should we just focus on the election now?
 ,> *What the Mueller Report Says About Comey’s Firing*Decluttered version of this Slate Magazine's article archived on April 18 2019 can be viewed on https://outline.com/BfqRH3
 ,I'm sorry but if a candidate isn't for Medicare for all and Green New Deal they are for the imminent death and destruction of American lives in the next 10+ years. There's only enough political oxygen to support candidates that fight for us. Ignore the rest.
 ,I guess we'll get an idea of how many Republican voters are partisan pushovers looking for an out of the Trump administration and how many are actually fully on board with the Trump agenda. Time will tell.
 ,Trump is a nation embarrassment moron and re-normalizing racism. I consider myself a liberal but I'd a would be willing to take a republican as president if there were any chance to return sanity civility and responsibility. Also have a president who isn't a literal laughing stock would be nice too (Trump's UN speech).
 ,The best thing Weld can do is create a “second front” against a common enemy.  If Donnie’s people are expending energy fighting Weld that’s energy not aimed at the Dems.
 ,Funny he was a Libertarian in 2016.
 ,I’m excited to see what he can do. He’s a bright serious guy with a sense of humor and healthy ego. He will chip away at Trump and drive him crazy... until he gets coopted and bought off by the Republican donors. I could almost see him on a split ticket. I think that would be an even greater threat to Trump.
 ,Are we going to discuss this as if it were a thing that’s actually going to happen?
 ,I wonder how many votes he'll get.  I'd love to see Trump primaried but so many people in the GOP stand by him no matter what.
 ,Methinks Bill Weld is out of touch with Conservative voters.
 ,If you are a registered Democrat please consider voting in the Republican primary to support this guy. No reason you can’t!
 ,Looser!
 ,Who is this nobody? Lmao.
 ,You’re almost as stupid as Tim Pool
 ,The low life isn't worth it. Things are going to play out correctly without impeachment.
 ,In summary: Russia helped the Trump campaign. Trump liked this assistance and directed his staff to seek out Russian assistance. After the campaign DJT his family and his staff lied about their contacts with Russia. DJT tried to impede the FBI’s investigation into interference by firing the FBI director. DJT tried to do more to impede the investigation by firing Mueller. The only reason this didn’t happen is that a staffer refused to carry out the firing. Mueller couldn’t prove direct knowledge of collusion on the part of Trump or Junior. Hence no inditement of the President himself. The ball is in congress’s court but a president has never been successfully impeached in 250 years of the USA so our only hope is 2020.
 ,Best tl;dr of the day!
 ,And no mention of Elizabeth Warren.
 ,I agree with Jim's assessment but with so many candidates in the field he may slip through as the nominee
 ,Bernie FTW.
 ,How did I know this post would be severely downvoted? &#x200B;They're everywhere people...
 ,He should not accept the redacted report it is that fucking simple.
 ,New York 2020 Election [Primary Election Registration Deadline](https://voterreg.dmv.ny.gov/MotorVoter/): October 11 2019 [General Election Date](https://voterlookup.elections.state.ny.us/votersearch.aspx): November 3 2020
 ,Barr is so in the president's pocket. The press conference left no doubt.
 ,Then they’re not Sanders supporters to vote for Trump means they’re ok with what he is and what he does fools.
 ,There is a weird cross section of voters like this.  In the last presidential election I knew a guy who had this take.  He said he really liked Trump but would vote for Bernie if he could.  I was very surprised and pointed out to him that they have nothing in common.  But the thing is both of those guys had gone out of their way to talk to people like him.  The people living in the red areas of every state the ones missing out on the prosperity party the urban blue zones are enjoying they want somebody who cares about them.  Hillary never reached out to them.  She thought she could win without the deplorables.  And she probably could have if she didn't have the opposite of charisma and a cyber campaign against her sponsored by the Kremlin.  But Trump and Bernie court that demographic.  Trump makes them think he cares about them with lies.  But Bernie actually does care about them at least so far as I can tell.  I think Sanders / Warren would be an unbeatable ticket.  I doubt the Democratic party would allow that to happen but there is enormous popular support for Bernie.
 ,Reposting from another comment to clear things up:That is a very tiny sample for supporters of individual candidates. According to the Emerson poll 49% of Klobuchar supporters 50% of Inslee supporters 45% of Yang supporters and 42% of Booker supporters would vote for Trump over Bernie if he was the nominee. Hell 38% of Klobuchar voters and 49% of the Yanggang say they're voting for Trump if Harris is the nominee! And even Biden supporters say 16% of them would vote Trump over Warren.  A good part of those voters come from "ancestral" Democrats who aren't voting Democrat in the general but have to vote in our primary. 5% of the Sanders "supporters" in that poll say they'd still vote for Trump over him in a general.Moral of the story- don't dig through the crosstabs especially in a sample size of less than 100!
 ,Bernie's fanbase has some real issues with perspective and anger. If bernie doesn't win some want the world to burn.
 ,Any Bernie supporters reading this reconsider that approach. Bernie is big on Medicare for all. So are many other Dems.Bernie is big on raising wages and economic growth. So are other Dems.Bernie understands the gravity of climate change and ecological responsibility. So do all Dems.Trump is opposed to all progressive ideas as well as reason and empathy.I used to dislike this phrase but we must for the future of our country and planet vote Blue no matter who.
 ,I’m not much of a democrat but why in the hell are so many democrats against Bernie? It’s obvious that is the most liked amongst democrats why don’t they back him? Excuse my ignorance
 ,Wow that sounds like plain nonsense.  I know a lot of folks that are Bernie fans and I know for a fact there is no way a single one of them would vote for Trump in any circumstance.
 ,I wonder if Sanders’ supporters are just trying to express how serious they are about him. The bigger danger is that his voters will stay home rather than vote for DJT. I will never vote for a republican for the rest of my life but I’m appalled and disgusted by Warren’s handling of her Indian ancestry. The lies and dishonesty keep stacking up and for me this is borderline disqualifying (obviously I’d vote for her in 2020 but I know of a few who wouldn’t).
 , " ... But Rudy’s Trump’s private lawyer. He has no government position. How can it be right for Rudy to have seen or been briefed on the report ahead of members of Congress?"Don't be surprised to hear that Mueller's report was passed around to the membership at Mar-a-Lago last weekend.
 ,And I used to think Rudy was one of the better Republicans.
 ,I mean at the fox news talk the majority of people with private insurance said they would want /wouldn't mind switching to public
 ,Do you realize Medicare for all means losing insurance through your employer? There goes your majority support big time. That is a polled fact.
 ,Must be a fast reader to come to that conclusion 7 hours after the report is released.
 ,The geriatric House leadership is still living in 1999.  They must act now while the iron is hot even if its just initiating impeachment hearings.  To wait plays right in Trumps spin cycle.
 ,They aren't wrong.But I hope there's enough embarrassing things in that report to keep the attention on him for a while
 ,He was ALWAYS going to be free. You can't indict a sitting president. Or at least there's no precedent for it and nobody has the guts to try.This has been and continues to be a matter of stripping out Trump's support network as much as possible and provide a compelling case for everyone not committed to a party to be more active one way or the other in the coming 2020 election.The Mueller report in effect is going to be a social barometer to decide how much support the idea of impeaching Trump has. If it's high enough Congress will move to impeach and likewise if enough Senate members feel it's in their best interest to convict they will. That becomes more or less a matter of how many seats the Democrats hold and gain in the Senate as well as how much support Trump loses from the meuller report's final verdict as well as his overall performance. If he falls out of favor enough there may be some R seats that will turn on him.Impeachment is political theater. The actors play their part according to their audience.
 ,If Trump committed crimes and the GOP are complicit in upholding the law their positions as public servants which is their job and their oath then they are criminals more so than whatever Trump does. They are not public servants. They are serving themselves first.They are not legally innocent. They are activity participating in keeping a person above the law.They are criminals. Period. End of story. They need to do their fucking jobs or go to prison. No one should be above the law and we need to remind them of that.
 ,Every time his true character flaws are exposed I feel certain he loses more supporters despite the laughing cheering drooling faces behind him at his rallies.  If enough of his flaws are exposed to the light of truth he will be very disappointed in 2020 November.  That unfortunately does not take into account the number of regretful Trump voters who post on r/trumpgret and r/trumpgrets who are driven back to the Trump camp by the vitriol spewed at them by the subsequent anti-Trump comments.  Those people are either every bit as fanatic as Trump’s base or they’re actually FROM Trump’s base commenting that way on purpose as trollers.
 ,It should have been released in full right away.
 ,Free to do more misdeeds you mean...
 ,Until he’s out of office and needs to answer to the tax crimes that SDNY has him dead to rights on
 ,I don't think Sanders is the best candidate but at this point in time in 2015 Jeb Bush had gotten the most money and wrapped up the nomination. All this is horse race noise right now. The odds are because obviously neither have greater than 50% it will not be either of them.
 ,Except as it stands now being last might have been best this time since there will probably be no nominee by the convention which means California would have had the largest influence by going last. Oh well.
 ,My state!
 ,This. We need to investigate this.
 ,I pray someone just leaks the full thing after there dumbass version comes out
 ,Why are they rebutting it if " it exonerates him! "?
 ,Of course. Doesn’t the DA always help the accused prepare their defense? I call it the Epstein model.
 ,This is why there is no winning by treating Republicans as honest but misled. There is no dealing with them intellectually. The disease must be stomped out by voting the into oblivion.I don't care if they get their feelings hurt in the process.
 ,Fox News is a disease upon America.
 ,[removed]
 ,[Not even the first one of these compilations](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xf8Uu53x0d8)
 ,Obama is black.  Trump is not.  That is all that you need to know.
 ,Im convinced it was always part of the plan. They spent 8 years priming thier viewers to believe that crazy extreme things were being done in the Obama white house so when thier president goes in and does the same it seems like just deserts.
 ,Can someone try to produce something similar from MSNBC where they’re freaking out over claims of Trump doing something that they were silent about when Obama was doing it.  I’ll wait but I’m not gonna hold my breath.Edit:  I’m not suggesting that there might not be one or two examples of some guest making some comment that could be construed to be similar to Fox’s hypocrisy.  Go find evidence of systemic hypocrisy on the left that even remotely resembles what we see from Fox
 ,No they lied about what Obama does then omit them when Trump actually does the things they made up.    The problem with the country is the Republican party and Fox News.
 ,To be fair I'm pretty sure every news station has one of these types of compilations.
 ,[removed]
 ,>  Regina Williams-Preston got into politics so that the city wouldn’t do to anyone else what the mayor’s big redevelopment plan did to her.   >  > ...cost her family **several investment properties they hoped to repair** but couldn’t after Williams-Preston’s husband suffered a serious illness. She has a point about fining people who can't afford upkeep making the problem worse but well [earlier](https://www.southbendtribune.com/news/elections/south-bend-mayoral-candidate-says-her-code-violations-will-help/article_cbd0ec12-9dfe-5422-8b90-fa72b448258a.html)....>More than two years ago the city of South Bend sued Common Council Member Regina Williams-Preston and her husband over unpaid fines from code violations on nine properties they owned.  >  >The combined fines at one point topped $72000.  >  > The city filed the suits against Williams-Preston and her husband Tyrone Preston in July 2016 — seeking $7238 in costs and fines from her and about $65000 from him. The couple collectively **owned nine residential properties** in the city including their home on North Elmer Street. **They planned to renovate some and demolish others**.   >  > “**These were not properties we were going to flip and make a bunch of money on**” \[Regina Williams-Preston\] said. “It was just alright let’s improve this little area. This is our homestead. My parents lived here. His parents lived here. This is our neighborhood we’re not going anywhere.” Hmmmm. 8 properties they bought for cheap but "we'rent going to make a bunch of money on." Excuse me if I don't buy that.
 ,im really not following what the point of this article is supposed to be. it mentions gentrification and displacement but focuses on a woman whose family lost "investment properties" (aka they are landlords).i dont know about the background of this issue yet but i know a lot of pseudo-progressives argue in bad faith about gentrification and displacing poor people as cover for blocking dense housing.
 ,Pete tore down 600 houses and helped repair 400. The hollowing of middle America towns and cities is real. And empty and decaying houses between inhabited homes is a real problem.  Detroit's mayor was dealing with huge tracts of abandoned houses too.
 ,[removed]
 ,I don't believe it.  We need the unredacted report Barr is not to be trusted
 ,If that's truly the case Trump will go on a Twitter rampage tonight completely and utterly disparaging his AG whom he'd hired as his personal Treason protection assistant. This could well be the biggest cover-up in history.  Undoubtedly the founding fathers are rolling in their graves.
 ,Please keep those applications coming in :)
 ,Let’s be clear - not all Trump supporters are racists but all racists are Trump supporters.
 ,Saw a video today of a guy named "Mr. obvious" where he proceeds to say Honkler is a meme that triggers the "NPCs and SJWs" saying that it only looks racist because they made it so. And of course he doesn't mention 4chan convos where they explicitly say that it is in fact a bigoted meme.
 ,I feel stupid. What is a dog whistle?
 ,These fucking Nazis keep taking discord emotes I like and turning them into dog-whistles. Stop turning my frog into a fascist.
 ,My friend who I'll just call uncle ruckus put this as his profile pic so I sent this meme to him
 ,This meme is such an obvious dog whistle. My friend sent it to me and said he was dying. I don't find what's so amusing about it.
 ,I haven’t seen this meme yet and honestly don’t even know what search terms to put in for it on know your meme or whatever. Anybody got a quick summary?
 ,For someone confused look up "Clown_World" on reddit. It's an alt right subreddit that has a bunch of these memes.
 ,There are no depths the pretzel brains won't stoop to.
 ,Is there any way to be alt-right and not subscribe to white supremacy? Richard Spencer's worldview center around the "white genocide" myth.
 ,There's a really fantastic video vaush made on how exactly it operates https://youtu.be/cscP830j2KA. But it's basically crypto fascism they use them to signal specific Nazi worldviews and the deniability is the point.
 ,I never understood this. How is the clown racist? What is the story behind it?
 ,I’m late to the clown thing what’s this new meme of theirs
 ,[removed]
 ,I'm still out here posting clown memes and I'm no bigot.
 ,I'd just like to point out that the third line does not logically follow from the second. Something being "after" does not mean that it is a consequence. If Patrick were a real person instead of a cartoon starfish all they would have to say is "that doesn't make sense to me" in their reply to the third line and the argument falls apart.
 ,Is it just me or does anyone else find it strange that not a single person in the Aryan Brotherhood picture is an Aryan?
 ,Why is literally every member of the alt right the ugliest batch of fuckers I’ve ever seen?
 ,And yet Fox News refuses to call these people terrorists.
 ,aNd WhO sAyS wHiTe PeOpLe DoNt HaVe CuLtUrE
 ,Chop off those nazi arms
 ,For those curious this happened last November. [Source.](https://www.fox23.com/news/trending-now/investigators-find-rocket-launcher-pipe-bombs-during-raid-on-florida-white-supremacist-gangs/874977495)>PASCO COUNTY Fla. - Investigators seized 110 illegal weapons including a rocket launcher and two functional pipe bombs and several pounds of drugs and indicted 39 members or associates of Florida white supremacist gangs the U.S. attorney’s office said Thursday.>The three-year investigation dubbed “Operation Blackjack” snared members of the Unforgiven and United Aryan Brotherhood gangs WFTS reported.>Thirty-Nine “Unforgiven” & “United Aryan Brotherhood” gang members & associates indicted for arms & drug trafficking in Pasco County. @PascoSheriffhttps://t.co/TikDMOjMOF— USAO Middle Florida (@USAO_MDFL) November 15 2018>Those indicted range in age from 24 to 48 and were facing various charges including possessing firearms and pipe bombs and possession and distribution of heroin and meth WTSP reported.>“You know these are one of those very proud moments we have" Pasco County Sheriff Chris told WFTS. “It’s scary when you look over that table and you see those guns and they are in the hands of felons."The suspects are facing two years to life in prison WFTS reported. Some indictments have already led to convictions and sentences of up to 10 years WTSP reported.
 ,Of course they got their tee-shirt tucked in their jeans. Never trust someone under 60 that tucks tshirts in.
 ,Maybe we should be building that wall along the Mason-Dixon line.
 ,As a woman I can't imagine being a Neo Nazi or supportive/sympathetic of the movement whatsoever. It is a movement that only believes my place is in the kitchen and producing white children. I know of pickmes but this is... really bizarre to see honestly
 ,"has become"?
 ,A ROCKET LAUNCHER?!?!
 ,It'll take bastards like these attacking cops or military before the government picks its boots up and goes zero tolerance on these clowns.
 ,You won't find one of these fucks that isn't a gigantic sack of shit.Which explains their love for Donald Trump.And his love for them.
 ,What the fuck is that flag behind them? It looks like a mini Confederate flag stitched onto..... the French flag?I guess they just wanted to remember their heritage of surrendering to everyone else.
 ,A rocket launcher
 ,r/beholdthemasterrace
 ,Hitler would have taken one look at this crew and sent them off on a train.
 ,And hear I was thinking this photo was from a The_Dumpster get together! Silly me!
 ,Dude on the left looks like the evil wizard from Avengers infinity Wars
 ,Wow this is actually true
 ,Are they really putting a swastika on an American flag? And these people are not in jail?Those who don’t learn the lessons of the past are doomed to repeat it.Fix education
 ,But but how else are they supposed to protect themselves from the violent libruls and scary brown people who talk all funny-like?! /s
 ,Hell I just see a group of Trump voters in the photo.
 ,So tired of republican extremists
 ,Become?
 ,Trunp: Just a ''few good folks.'' With guns on meth doin the loards werk.
 ,I suspect that they don't vote.
 ,[removed]
 ,Good
 ,That's not Aryan Brotherhood. Aryan Brotherhood is a notoriously violent criminal gang. These are just racist dorks when would be murdered by said violent criminal outfit.
 ,You mean there's more than one bad guy?
 ,Got a nagging feeling that Fox News never mentioned this story probably spent the whole day complaining about AOC or Ilhan Omar for one reason or another.
 ,Where are the tall fit blonde men with rippling muscles and strong obedient blonde women with perfect genes?&#x200B;How did it come to steroid monkeys balding fatsos inbred families with a collective IQ of 2 digits and scrawny dudes with asthma to uphold the "purity" of the Aryan race?&#x200B;Oh yeah because neonazis would be the grunts and brainless goons in a regime where people with education and social grace run the show and those people fucking despise you for the septic waste neonazis are.
 ,Same as UK where Conservative party destroyed the country to appease the looney right who've now taken over the party
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,State your sources for your meeeeeeeeeeemes
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,How does this have anything to do with the GOP?
 ,Three cheers for the absolute madlad that pulled it off.
 ,"support group" my ass hahaCloser to terrorist group than support group
 ,I always wonder why these articles are written so sympathetically. Everyone has  a hard childhood. Not everyone turns into a hateful piece of self pitying shit who fantasizes about violence.
 ,Every one of those guys wants to be the next Elliot Rodger. They aren't in a "support group" they're in the recruiting space of goddamned terrorists.
 ,I seriously wish to go back to the time before the internet.
 ,I'm so happy I'm gay after reading this
 ,The old paraphrased saying goes "If ten people are at a table and one is a Nazi and the others are not punching him actively and repeatedly the table has 10 Nazis".
 ,Orange Julius.
 ,Womp womp
 ,The mental gymnastics these people perform.
 ,I saw the post that Twitterer was citing. It was them complaining that it was hamfisted and cringey just for different reasons than he probably thought it was.
 ,So now I'm for sure getting Mortal Kombat 11.
 ,He thinks being criticized for being a white power advocate is like what Christ went through on the way to the cross.
 ,Yes your troubles with these controversies were similar to being nailed to a cross by your hands and feet and left to rot.
 ,This asshole literally leaves me speechless and in need of Pepto Bismal.
 ,If only
 ,If Jesus came back Steve King would want him crucified.
 ,Remember it's "don't tread on ME" not "don't tread on YOU"Don't mess with his struggle but fuck your struggle.
 ,It’s also the same Ben Carson who tried to hit his mother over the head with a hammer. According to him at least.
 ,So Scott Walker is a super douche but Denim Day is a real thing REALLY in support of sexual assault victims. It is not mocking the victims
 ,They're trying to make Brexit a christian issue. People like Widdecombe and Farage believe in christian sharia law. Dangerous nutcases.
 ,Old bat will be dead soon probably. Fuck her.
 ,Honestly if this siphons votes from the Tories and UKIP I'm all for it.
 ,Is there actually any proof that the Russian government had anything to do with Brexit?  I was a Remain voter but that just seems like red scare hysteria.
 ,It's utterly not ironic that the second the last of the "Boomers" got out of college it became illegal to file bankruptcy on student loans. I'm on the leading edge of Gen-X and we were the first to be fucked by these hypocritical assholes.
 ,The equivalent of saying a cure for cancer would be a slap in the face for everybody who has ever had cancer
 ,Since the system is set up shitty and unfair to me it should stay shitty and unfair for everyone forever /s
 ,This thinking is idiotic currently struggling to pay my loans but would love to see future generations not to have to go through the same shit.
 ,You know I'd probably be a little annoyed at this point only owing like 30k left. But like I'd love to have children. And I want a better world and stronger country.
 ,The emancipation of slaves was a slap in the face to all the slaves that were never freed.
 ,I for one want the economy to not be slowed down for the foreseeable future because of the massive burden of student loans so I'll pay my 35k if everyone else can be forgiven
 ,It’s like saying that because I was in hospital with meningitis when I was one a cure for meningitis would be slapping me in the face
 ,Goes to show you how self-centered and selfish people on the right are.
 ,Ending war would be a slap in the face to all veterans who were drafted
 ,Not surprising the supporters of a /r/PresidentWarren our far smarter than that of Trump.
 ,[removed]
 ,Can’t stand that woman. Didn’t she vote against gay marriage etc?
 ,She’s a gammon.
 ,Maximum victim complex.
 ,What a loada bs
 ,Broflakes.
 ,Its almost like theres nothing wrong with being gay
 ,Well because it's normal to be gay. Someone being gay does not have an affect on making people poorer etc. But it's not normal or well accepted to be a shitty person (Conservative) who votes for policies that literally want to harm people less fortunate than you or different from you.
 ,Lmao I love it because these guys always call people special snowflakes but they love victim status as much as anyone else. Oh those poor persecuted conservatives!
 ,"But like just don't be gay right? I can't *choose* not to conservative."
 ,Conservatives have become the whiniest bitches in American history.
 ,I won't upvote this because the world should forget this name.
 ,How the fuck does he justify putting Nazis in the same sentence as people who are black or belong to the LGBTQ communities?
 ,r/enlightenedcentrism
 ,Former Skinheads can be remorseful and recant but that's the only kind of beswastikaed person I can coexist with.
 ,Say it louder for the people in the back.
 ,I want to live in a world where wearing anything associated with fascism is seen as morally unforgivable... but you know 🤷‍♂️
 ,Imagine being so delusional that you believe that lgbt/black pride are on the same level as swastikas and neo Nazis
 ,"without physically attacking each other"Guns don't count! lol
 ,I really want to believe so so badly that this is sarcasm.
 ,Another conservative scumbag.
 ,Fuck this opinion entirely
 ,"Oh you're getting kicked in the head? Well it'd be mighty intolerable for you to get up and fight back now wouldn't it. So guess you can just lay there and keep getting kicked in the head until you die."People that think like this can fuck the hell off the planet. My grandmother was a literal Nazi. She died a lonely bitter hateful woman that attempted to kill herself because she had to live with her son's Jewish wife (yup I'm Jewish by heritage too). I hope my grandmother is rotting in the hell that she rightfully deserves along with her brothers who were soldiers and any fucking piece of shit that allies with any of them and their actions. They are murderers and even casting an ounce of support their direction makes you equally guilty of every crime that they committed.Hate speech and associating yourself with hate groups needs to be classified as incitement and bring penalties all the way up to jail time. And if your hateful words lead to the murder of someone you need to be the one serving equal time as an accomplice to that murder.
 ,I would not want to live in that world.Signed someone whose ancestors died in the Holocaust
 ,What if I wear a swastika with a giant red "banned" circle and slash through it a klansman with a giant red "banned" circle and slash through it and some graffiti from Germany with a portrait of Hitler blowing his brains out with a pistol and the caption "Nazi Follow Your Leader"?&#x200B;Because I do.
 ,His twitter feed is something else. Yikes.
 ,"Real intolerance comes from the left because they discriminate against the intolerant".   Fuck right off with that shit please and thank you. As a queer person I have **zero** tolerance for nazi scum who believe I don't have the right to exist. Zero
 ,>physically attacking each otherNot pictured: police pepper spraying and beating the other two at a counterprotest while allowing the Nazi to freely march.But these enlightened centrists have a *huge* blindspot for police violence deeming it fully acceptable to maintain their precious marketplace. Hell they don't often even think of it too closely *as* political violence they just call it a simple fact of life.
 ,I want to live in a world where 2 foxes and a hen can have a drink together
 ,beau of the fifth column expressed in the video that the "center" viewpoint to genocide or forcible removal of ethnicities or creeds is "no and we will resist you with violence if you attempt to do so." - further left may be "you are in my crosshairs just for saying it" but the center is to maintain homeostasis of innocent people through the application of violent resistance.
 ,It's amazing the mental gymnastics people do. I think the vast majority of people realise co-existing and not being assholes to eachother is the right thing but instead of changing their ideology to match that they do the mental equivalent of a quad axel to frame their hate as acceptance
 ,"I wish for a return to my blissful and innocent ignorance - a world where I walked as if through a fog never understanding what ideology is let alone politics and so had no idea that some people try very hard to doing very bad things to broad categories of people for no real good reason. I want this so bad that I refuse to examine any of these ideas and hold all ideologies as morally identical and equivalent because that makes perfect sense."
 ,Seems like the alt-Reich wants to turn the low road into the high road. https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/578/682/575.jpgThese people can die in a fire.
 ,The “equate gays and any other harmless group with Nazis” tactic is there so you associate both as extreme and offensive positions. It’s dangerous and should be called out every time. The person should be mocked and humiliated.
 ,only one of these groups is a problem.
 ,No offence but I'd rather shove a scolding hot cactus up my arse than coexist with people who hate me for being born
 ,People don't understand that Black Power isn't Black Supremacy.
 ,“I wanna be friends with arsenic.”
 ,Paradox of tolerance
 ,Lmao the whole point of nazis is to be intolerant to all non-aryans
 ,this is some r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISTS material
 ,Aye.  I cannot engage in meaningful dialogue with someone who only has disingenous intent.
 ,What are Nazis famous for  again?
 ,Maybe he meant Hindus or Buddhists wearing the original swastika symbol?*eternal optimist*
 ,Won't someone think of the poor Nazis?!
 ,But black and gay people don't want Nazis to exist double standard /s
 ,I want to live in a world where people can't wear Nazi symbolism without being attacked.
 ,Radical centrism
 ,Chad is one of them fine centrists.
 ,Who in fucking hell is chad felix greene anyway?
 ,The point to the centrist is that they can live a peaceful trouble-free life as the Nazis kill everyone else.
 ,Fighting for people's rights apparentely is the same as advocating for genocide.
 ,Read as "I want to be able to wear swastikas without getting punched".
 ,Pretty sure we fought a war because a bunch of people wearing swastikas got a bit too violent.
 ,He writes for the federalist. Nuff said.
 ,So much for the tolerant left /s
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,If theres one thing the Alt Right is good at it's false flag operations.
 ,What good will come from this bill?
 ,As a person of color always great to see white allies resisting the racist system we all live under.
 ,Good for them. Fuck that racist shit
 ,On one hand racist statue. On the other hand statue celebrating women... (very rare for that time period)
 ,Hitler called it 'lügenpresse'. The phrase means ‘lying press’ in German and was used to attack media outlets that were deemed to be unsupportive of the Nazi party and its aims.Unsupportive of Trump
 ,The sheer dictatorial language is fucking scary.
 ,He's going full dictator.  Awesome.
 ,Tweets at 3 in the morning
 ,LOL this reminds me of Superman 2. Kneel before Zod!Fuck Trump the Narcissist.
 ,What is the orange of these statements?  Zod was born in a very nice town on the planet Vulcan.
 ,[Feels like Billy Talent predicted all this in 2014](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsnmUdGnJhc)
 ,[removed]
 ,Lol up at 3am Tweeting. He isn't right in the mind.
 ,I don't remember NYT apologizing?
 ,Yep its definitely a circus the clown is in town.
 ,What a cowardly asshole.
 ,Every time I see these fucks they’re about as far from the Nazi ideal as you can get.
 ,Weren't Nazis super into fitness? These potato motherfuckers would die before they ran a mile.
 ,They are so inbred they are in a sandwich!
 ,Honest Republicans.
 ,So this is Trump MAGA future.
 ,I feel like this also belongs on Cringe subreddit too
 ,So the same country with ties to 15 terrorists involved with 9/11 the same country that murdered Jamal Khashoggi at one of its consulate is now spreading false or anti-Mueller report information all the while the Trump administration is giving the **'OK'** to sell Saudi Arabia nuclear power work & giving no reason why just like when Trump backed out of the Iran Deal with zero reasons.I'm also going to go out on a limb and say Putin and MbS BFF's just like Trump and Putin or Trump and MbS... what a shitshow. 😒
 ,You gotta admit Twitter's doing what they can.
 ,Ahhhhh. I see you misunderstood!! It only matters if the family is white /s
 ,Trump is a father of at least five children from three marriages that he ruined by fucking among others porn stars glamour models and future wives.In the case of wife three the last two both apply.They don't give a shit about "familiar values". It's in the same category as "economic anxiety".
 ,That family is so white they make that picket fence look grey. 😂
 ,Ahhh life in a shitty cookie cutter suburb. With an unfulfilled stay at home wife who pops qualuudes while raising children who will one day have no issue watching the world burn for a few extra bucks. A world where the darkies knew their place and gays were only spoken about it hushed chastising tones. The good old days.All jokes aside shit like this is funny to me. You can have this provincial suburban life if you want it. I have friends who married right out of college had kids and now live a suburban life that wouldn’t be different at all from the one pictured. Absolutely no one stops you from doing this. Which leads to the crux of the post imo. Shit like this is parroted by people who cannot achieve the middle class life they wish and they blame minorities and liberals for that fact. Or it’s people who *know* this type of life still exists but you would need to suffer gays on TV and a black neighbor while living it and that’s unacceptable.
 ,Lets add worshipping a guy that has cheated in every one of his massages
 ,God that looks boring as shit. *This* is the square-ass life they're fighting for?
 ,You know I think I’ve seen this somewhere before https://i.pinimg.com/236x/13/a0/17/13a017609f1de94c6d4d2845da397d21--nazi-propaganda-ww-posters.jpg
 ,The funniest part about this example of what they're "fighting for" is that literally no one is stopping them from buying an old 1950s house and having a couple kids. Like go for it. I'm sure everyone on T\_D looks exactly like the dad in this picture right?
 , >GILEAD NOW!
 ,TV dinner by the pool.  I'm so glad I finished school.
 ,This looks like a propaganda poster from Germany 1933
 ,FFS the username. Why do these dipshits always fantasise about being Vikings?
 ,The dad is probably a wife batterer behind closed doors. The wife is probably doing the guy next door. The girl will grow up and be in an abusive relationship like mommy was and the son will batter his wife like daddy did.Also... "fighting for"... Lol. Oh please! 😂
 ,The deplorables don’t care.  They hate immigrants more than looking out for their own best interests.
 ,Shame on blimpo with the megaphone for not continuously waving the flag. So disrespecful to our beautiful gorgeous flag it's the best flag the best.And I REALLY would like see the entire poster in the middle.
 ,I love it! We need more heroes like her.
 ,Thankfully bigots never have basic art or graphic design skills.
 ,And here I thought they weren't cultured enough to know what a Broadway play was! (or at least that they would think it was to gay to watch one. I mean... They play dressup and all!).I guess Trumpsters still can surprise me! Hopefully with enough culture they can change their ways. Bless their hearts.
 ,*sees an athlete kneel before a game*>Just focus on the game and keep your politics out of it*sees a performer yank a flag away from an insufferable chud at a play*>What can men do against such reckless hate?
 ,The U.S. and the U.K. are partners in their mutual diminishment. It’s no exaggeration to say that neither nation’s reputation will ever recover from the Trump-Brexit era.  Their traditional allies will rightfully never trust them or the will of their citizens ever again. "It beggars belief that on the very same day Donald Trump is threatening to veto a United Nations resolution against the use of rape as a weapon of war Theresa May is pressing ahead with her plans to honour him with a state visit to the UK"
 ,Sadly this is a very popular opinion in Britain the press constantly attacks Markle for being mixed race. Mind you royalty lovers of that ilk tend to be the most horrible xenophobic cretins this country offers.
 ,His surname sounds Polish.Why are they so many Polish neo-Nazis? Hitler wanted you guys **dead**.
 ,The moderators removed my post asking if its been addressed and then proceeded to mute me from communicating with them. I've asked prior because they are unapologetically racist "in the name of humor" but when coupled with one of the host's nazi tattoo...if it quacks like a duck and walks like a duck
 ,I'm not normally a fan of the death penalty but in the case of white supremacists...
 ,Awesome! I saw he was outed a little while ago glad he's been fired!
 ,That’s two-faced.
 ,\-Republicans are pretty much shit people.\-Nuh uh.  Some bad apples just ruined the bunch.\-Your dude just said rape was the will of god.  That's not just some guy.  That's *the* guy in Oaklahoma.  *The* guy.  Between him and Steve King how do you want me to feel about Republicans?
 ,Yeah only a rapist would worship a god that willed rape.
 ,Rapists are doing God’s work. That’s a new one*. *or not. There’s probably a bunch of these guys who have said shit like that and it just didn’t make it into the paper.
 ,Why aren't abortions then?
 ,[https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/oklahoma-representative-god/](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/oklahoma-representative-god/)Edit: how the fuck did this get silver?
 ,BuT IMmigrants ArE a BuNCh of Rapist
 ,Republican logic: It’s only the will of God is the rapist is a white Christian.  If it’s a Muslim Mexican or black man then it’s not the will of God the rapist should be put to death and it’s something that embedded within that rapists culture/religion and that’s why the US shouldn’t let these people in
 ,Does that also apply to former congressmen in prison?  Bend over and spread 'em Okie douche nozzle.
 ,“obviously if it happens in someone’s life it may not be the best thing that ever happened you know but – So you’re saying that God is not sovereign with every activity that happens in someone’s life”If you say rape is “not the best thing” you are completely out of touch with reality. The lack of empathy from these types is outstanding.
 ,When I first saw this headline I thought “no way this is real my standards are low but that’s just insane”[Well I’m disappointed with the results](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/oklahoma-representative-god/). tl;dr: snopes rated the headline “mostly true”
 ,Sounds like a confession to me.
 ,All Republicans are terrible.
 ,the representative from Gilead.
 ,I’ve travelled all over America Oklahoma was one of the most terrifying places I ever visited
 ,The fact these types of guys get voted into office prove it’s not just them it’s the majority of republicans who are shit
 ,"Christian Sharia law." Well both him and the article's author seem to have a Republican's view of Islam.
 ,Does this mean miscarriages are God's abortions?
 ,I thought his name was Christian Sharia for a whole five seconds
 ,Rape is illegal in Shariah Law...
 ,I love the use of “Christian Sharia Law.” They rail against Muslims for wanted religious laws that supersede the Constitution while simultaneously pushing for their own version. I hope this catches on.
 ,Can we arrest god now
 ,[removed]
 ,So abortions are also gods will?
 ,I would love to punch him in his stupid face and say that was “the will of god”.
 ,I hope he gets hit by a car 😊
 ,A two year-old screenshot.... there's so much fucked up stuff going on right \*now\* y'all.
 ,Man I sure do love living in Oklahoma /s
 ,I grew up in Oklahoma. Oklahoma is a good place to be from...far away from. I still pull for the Sooners but that could be a sign of my own personal flaw(s).
 ,The Christian Taliban strikes again.
 ,When you take this in along with the fact that the same people endorsing rape also want to outlaw abortion and then you see the horrific connection between the two...
 ,Wait wait wait Oklahoma is implementing sharia law?
 ,So according to Trump’s logic Mexico is sending citizens who act under the will of god to America? Lol
 ,Then god is evil and must be opposed at all costs.Also I noticed a lot of people in the comments are debating over whether his statement was misunderstood. Really? When sexual abuse is brought up a lot of people suddenly become sceptics it seems. Interesting.
 ,Fuck Republicans.
 ,I can't believe I share a planet with this scum.
 ,I wonder if he’d feel that way if he were ass-raped by a stronger man?
 ,Douche
 ,I wonder what his wife daughter(s) sister(s) or mother has to say about this.Edit: It’s always men who push this horse shit.  We need to push very hard for stuff like Texas House Bill 4260. Yes it’s insane. Something needs to be done to shine the spotlight on this dog whistling. [Texas House Bill 4260](https://capitol.texas.gov/tlodocs/85R/billtext/html/HB04260I.htm) >”Sec. 173.009.  SONOGRAM ELECTION. An attending physician must administer a **medically-unnecessary** digital rectal exam and magnetic resonance imagining of the rectum before administering an elective vasectomy or colonoscopy procedure or prescribing Viagra. This digital rectal exam and rectal sonogram must take place during the initial health care consultation before an elective vasectomy is performed a prescription is given for Viagra or a colonoscopy is performed.”>”Sec. 173.010. FINES RELATED TO MASTURBATORY EMISSIONS. 	Masturbatory emissions created in health or medical facilities will be stored for the purposes of conception for a current or future wife.”>”(a)  Emissions outside of a woman's vagina or created outside of a health or medical facility will be charged a $100 civil penalty for each emission and will be considered an act against an unborn child and failing to preserve the sanctity of life.”
 ,Doing Oklahoma proud /s
 ,Sounds like something a rapist who hasn't been caught might say.
 ,"DEUS VULT"
 ,Somehow I think he would change his mind if it happened to him.... maybe....
 ,Shockingly sad.
 ,That looks a lot like Brian Regan and I was scared for a sec cause I love Brian Regan.
 ,I'm betting he'll change his tune if anything bad happens to him though...
 ,I'm sure hes garbage and everything but did he actually say that?  like "Rape is just the will of God being enacted"  or did he say something like "Everything is part of God's plan" and we are just assuming that that also de facto includes rape?
 ,Democrats have become Republicans and Republicans have become bat-shit crazy.  What does it mean when comedians are the social conscience of a society?  The Ukraine just elected a comedian - and most of the people I know would vote for Jon Stewart in a heart beat.
 ,Under his eye.
 ,I thought this was Babylon Bee for a second. Was disappointed.
 ,Mostly true:https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/oklahoma-representative-god/
 ,Can someone post the full article?
 ,Absolute scum of the earth.Fuck religion and all of it's cancer
 ,Remember during the Obama years how it seemed that a republican would say something terrible about rape every few months? When republicans retake the house in a post-Trump red wave there will be GOP politicians making Holocaust denial comments every few months.
 ,Hearing these fucked up words inspired by their rage-filled lie-topia of an existence used to piss me off now I'm all for it and want them to become more unhinged so that even the still-complacent among us see this and are motivated to vote these sick fucks out. Sadly for too many it has to get to a terrible place for them to jump into action to make it better.
 ,[removed]
 ,So this story is 2 years old. Is the guy still in office?
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,I'm conservative and this is terrible. There are plenty of old bucks left in the Republican party that might say something like this but the clouds are moving and a younger group of more principled conservatives are coming up. They tend to be economically conservative and open to new ideas. It appears from where I stand that there is an emerging Republican party that will one day respect LGBT persons as equals and can challenge political ideas on their merits rather than seeing liberals as other than themselves.
 ,Not banned yet I'll believe it when I see it wouldn't be surprised if Steve Huffman himself has intervened to stop the banning.
 ,The Republican Party the party of terrorists.
 ,Do I want to know what a "hatefact" is?
 ,The brazen hypocrisy makes me angry.
 ,WTF is he even talking about? He’s saying Twitter is removing accounts that follow him or ???
 ,White=militia. Non-white=terrorist organization.
 , r/todayilearned
 ,Alt right white nationalist Nazi: "No! She's a social justice warrior antifa trying to take away his (foams at the mouth) FREEZE PEACH!!!! 1!11!!!1!"
 ,Not just a cunt but a stupid cunt.
 ,I was killing them for 6 momths! No 2 year! NO 20 YEARS!
 ,Backstory on this fellow[https://heavy.com/news/2019/04/joey-derek-christian/](https://heavy.com/news/2019/04/joey-derek-christian/)Its too tragic to be funny that a fellow with an attitude and prison record like that thinks that some other dude who is working and paying taxes is the reason the country is in the shit.And what is with all these white superior pride types that are the absolute worst examples of 'white humanity' somehow thinking they are better than others?
 ,What a giant piece of shit
 ,The extremist right.....aka a violent Trumplikan.
 ,I often wonder how these conversations start
 ,He's not even a veteran so add stolen valor to the list.
 ,Fucking dickhead.I fucking hate this mentality of "I am/was a soldier RESPECT ME!!!"Some soldiers do disgusting terrible things while at war including raping women etc. (Obviously I don't mean ALL are dickheads). If he even truly is a veteran. Fuck this piece of slimey dog shit.
 ,In Nintendo’s defense if they left it in but blocked say nazi flags idiots would call them sjwtards and hypocritical despite the fact that thi would’ve been the first slightly political thing Nintendo would’ve done that I can remember
 ,Of course he is. He is continually going after the most vulnerable members of society.He is going after those who he thinks don't have a voice.
 ,He really is a cruel heartless son of a bitch.
 ,He won’t be happy until all trans people are dead. Evil motherfucker.
 ,The big problem with the Ken Burns series was the constant use of that Lost Causer Shelby Foote. I would recommend anyone watching that series on Netflix to skip past him whenever he starts blabbing his pro-South nonsense.
 ,he's 39?! oh lordy
 ,Whoops! That apostrophe is in the wrong place.
 ,What a douche
 ,What a douche
 ,Knocked him right on his head..
 ,Didn't it turn out that the reported student was a citizen and this boy had to go into 'hiding' because the school was receiving threats because of his bigoted actions?
 ,Oh my god how stupid could they be? They're literally standing there with merlons on either side of them and they can't see the difference between the Great Wall of China and Trump's proposed border fence. Because that's what it is a glorified fence. It's not something you can stand on and snipe enemy bandits from not that you should be doing that on the US border anyway.Either that or they're trolling us but if they are then well done couple; you've only served to prove that you're not worth listening to.
 ,[deleted]
 ,[removed]
 ,They have the same mindset as people who lived thousands of years ago. Regressive much? 🤔
 ,I am all for an open tolerant society where a wide range of ideas can be debated and form part of the national discourse on the political social and economic.   Note: this does not extent to fascism as vanquished ideologies need to learn their fucking place.
 ,[removed]
 ,Good message but they coulda spelled it right
 ,Yes. So get rid of actual Nazis and Klan members and get rid of antifa. They’re all fascist.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,20 years...this fucker has lived 20 years since that happened... on the taxpayers funds...That is fucked up. We don't do the death penalty over here but this bastard deserved it and it should have happened a lot sooner.
 ,This is one of the most despicable crimes ive ever known of.
 ,Fry the prick
 ,GOOD.
 ,I was 8 when this happened and lived in Houston so seeing this was a very unpleasant blast from the past. It was all over down there every TV station and the newspaper talked about it for weeks. I'm really surprised he hadn't been executed yet. In fact I thought he already had been executed.
 ,Hmmm... And Trump and McConnell aren't enablers... Yeah ok...
 ,Is it just me or is the ALT-right using the 'right to start a Militia' as excuse to wave guns around wherever whenever and at whoever because things aren't going their way? Kinda like when they try to use 'religious freedom' as an excuse to try and discriminate against who ever they want then throws a hissy fit and claim **they're** being discriminated against because it didn't work.
 ,He looks fit and ready for war.
 ,This is the kind of insanity that happens when you have an idiot in chief that rallies his troops with propaganda and hate.
 ,Oh so that's why the government got off their asses.
 ,He's not a militia leader he's a leader or a terrorist organization. Militia implies legitimacy and perhaps even constitutional legality.
 ,They’re delusional.
 ,Probably because we don’t drink the Kool-Aid
 ,Because they lead miserable lives and like to blame others for their own problems in life.
 ,They’re inherently angry.
 ,They were under the impression that there would be participation trophies
 ,Carrying around all that hate takes a lot out of them.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,I talk to people who think I'm paranoid because they've already erected camps.I feel like there are not many more steps between what's now and creating any sort of cover up until it's not necessary to cover up.  People think I'm paranoid.I haven't read this article and just skimmed through it but it claims that the BJS (Bureau of Justice Statics) claims more than 200000 prisoners are the victims of sexual assault:  [https://www.themarshallproject.org/2018/07/25/prison-rape-allegations-are-on-the-rise](https://www.themarshallproject.org/2018/07/25/prison-rape-allegations-are-on-the-rise)Those are grown men and in prison predominately but to think of how many of these things happen because of guards to think that there are children involved to think that although there is a very low percentage of these migrants that may be people who would sexually abuse someone but that they likely are not being sent through the proper channels and so any victims would likely go unheard is pretty ghastly.  There are a lot of chances for shitty things to happen to people who may not speak English or be old enough to represent themselves in any meaningful way.
 ,What a despicable piece of shit...
 ,I hate this racist prick.He creeps me out more than Trump does.
 ,Good.
 ,Good pull the plug
 ,Can they do t_D next?
 ,Good can they go after all the other bigoted subs now? How has T_D managed to escape this?
 ,If you believe cheetahs run faster than men you’re a specist.
 ,Running the country like he ran his failed businesses.
 ,I love legaleagle
 ,There's no cross that could hold trump cause he's too damn fat.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Or he could go to the Phillipines where they do that every Good Friday. It's not quite the real position used by the Romans but they go the whole hog even with nails through their palms.
 ,They are really not "conservatives" they are just low life bigots.
 ,[removed]
 ,Imprison him and throw away the fucking key
 ,They really are the biggest group of snowflakes I’ve come across.
 ,Dude are you taking MK lore seriously? We don’t do that here.
 ,It must be quite the burden to be that stupid..
 ,Thinking that white straight Christian males are being oppressed requires not only a mind so stupid it is impossible to fathom it requires outright lies on top of it.I don't know the provenance of the original meme but it smells of borscht to me.
 ,Right wingers: Corporations should be deregulated except when I want them to promote my religion which is also the largest in the world.
 ,[removed]
 ,**Comments locked. We’ve heard enough from Reddit’s teenaged akshchully brigade for one post. I don’t think any more brilliant discussion was forthcoming.**
 ,I love the “(BEST)” part. “I’m pretty dumb my fans are pretty dumb I better spell out that low jobless claims is a good thing.”
 ,Obama was far from perfect but he is still a thousand times better a person than the Orange nightmare.
 ,One of these sounds presidential the other sounds like your uncle's Facebook post.
 ,To be fair Trump did tweet about Sri Lanka... he said there were 138 million that died...
 ,Probably just learned that lower unemployment rate is better so had to show off this newly found knowledge in a tweet.
 ,It just speaks to the basic way their brains work.  They are polar opposites.With all the things going on today easter holiday bombings in sri lanka and all the regular worrys trumps only thought is to brag about money.Obama (being a decent human being) has concerns and hope for everybody.EDIT:  Obama wasn't perfect but holy fuck the country was better off...
 ,Trump translation: everything is about meObama translation:  lets think about others.I sincerely wonder Trump and many of his followers understand the concepts of compassion and empathy.  It’s a given that many of them don’t know what the words mean but do they experience compassion and empathy?
 ,I feel like twitter needs mood avatars.  The text is a little off next to a beaming Barack.  Much like Donald's pic needs to be him making the face he made when he disgustingly made fun of disabled people.
 ,I agree with the sentiment but he did tweet about Sri lanka too today.
 ,Well said Obama. And fuck Donald Dump.
 ,Trump tweets the same way I try and reach the minimum word limit for a short answer on a test I didn't study for
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Psychological projection. Blaming the people who are trying to stop something for causing that exact thing is fucked up.
 ,Here are some of their gathering places on Reddit. Like MDE they're fanning out to make them harder to ban/quarantine.* r/Clown__World* r/Honkler* r/TheHonkPill* r/frenworld
 ,TBF clowns are a fitting image for them.
 ,[let us appropriate the memes of production](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOLWBoFsufY)
 ,What a clever idea; trying to spread their bullshit into every form possible so that "SJWs" try and get random shit banned. They're like a disease.
 ,[removed]
 ,I can't take anyone claiming to be a "hate group watchdog" 100% seriously unless they quit dilly-dallying and just fucking list the rape-endorsing concentration camp building GOP in its entirety. If you're a registered Republican you belong to a hate group.
 ,Referencing the SPLC discredits the statement. They are a joke of an organization.
 ,Nice
 ,Awesome. 🙂
 ,[removed]
 ,They know they’re guilty.
 ,[removed]
 ,Trump lovers. Go suck on Daddy’s dick
 ,[removed]
 ,r/the_Donald anyone?
 ,Lol they’ve created a thread saying it was all due to “lazy modding and “tongue in cheek.”  I don’t believe they will change at all feel that people they have persecuted such as the transgender community deserve a lot better than this. It’s ok to get away with being a hate sub boys and girls simply create a thread admitting to lazy modding recruit new mods and all will be forgiven :/ https://www.reddit.com/r/CringeAnarchy/comments/bg9uur/an_open_letter_to_the_admins_our_plan_of_action/This site has become a joke.
 ,Deep state!!
 ,Well to get singles he'll have to at least show some titty.
 ,[removed]
 ,I know people with both. They double hate black people.
 ,We need to take down these flags just like we take down the confederate flag. Hate cannot be allowed to thrive.
 ,I live in the south. I always ask those folks who defend confederate memorials and statues how they feel about former soviet block countries removing statues of Lenin and Stalin. Needless to say they find themselves dumbfounded.
 ,And a boot licker
 ,Wait what? I legitimately thought that was a flag for modern Dems.
 ,Isn't that Sargon of akkad or some altright YouTuber? This statement is so disgusting.
 ,The age of consent is arbitrary and oppressive it can be a coming of age relationship! (that's a milo yayapoulos quote)
 ,Isn't this that sargon fuckwit? He's like some YouTube alt rigjt loser. He's a UKIP candidate now?
 ,Religion comes from the right. Science comes from the left. :P
 ,don’t forget “i won’t even rape you” that caused three fellow ukip politicians to switch parties.
 ,[Transcript on Twitter.](https://twitter.com/Spoonhead8/status/1042032228576972801)
 ,some kids think that they have 'figured out the world' by twelve years of age. He is one of them
 ,Trash human being.
 ,Fucking scumbag. This disgusting slimey piece of dog shit better watch his back when he steps outside.
 ,Ewww. That's fucking gross.
 ,Oh yeah Carl! Sargon of Akkad admitted pedophile.
 ,"No. No puppet. You're the puppet."Lol.
 ,It's (insert holiday) egg a nazi!
 ,Egg’s a Nazi!
 ,Nazi lives don’t matter.
 ,He’s an imbecile and an embarrassment
 ,Every now and again a Fox employee has flashes of their long forgotten humanity. It is in these flashes this happens.
 ,Imo the last line should be something racist like "wtf no that's for brown people"
 ,I’m an idiot and I’m lost someone spell it out for me
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Huh a physical r/forwardsfromgrandma.I'm sorry about that dude.
 ,Oh good heavens that you didn't loose it on the way to the mailbox.
 ,I would have definitely just ripped that up and flushed it down the toilet.
 ,Bold and Brash? More like Belongs in the Trash
 ,I love my grandma but I'd refuse to mail that on principle. I'd mail anything else for her but I'd refuse to be party to that. She can get someone else to do it.
 ,Ha. Donate? Seriously? The right told me they hate giving people hand outs. Oh wait they only hate it if it helps someone in need not if it helps rich con artists that don't need the money that's okay.
 ,"im not owned your owned!"
 ,*I don’t get triggered. When I’m* prompted *to throw a tantrum over something that doesn’t affect me personally (or that I won’t* admit *to affecting me personally anyway) my screeching outrage and tears are of the manliest sort!!1!*—Indignant Breauxflake
 ,"I'm not a crybaby liberal snowflake."No no. You're just a far right bigoted Nazi free speech warrior snowflake is all.
 ,Considering where the word trigger comes from (ptsd victims) it really fucks me off when they use it as a sign of weakness. I bet these guys wouldn't last five seconds in an actual war or similar trauma. Disgusting.
 ,[removed]
 ,Which is funny because we all know the first _closeted_ gay candidate was if nobody earlier Abraham Lincoln.
 ,"clerical fascism" Is that for priests or secretaries?
 ,Stop trying to fool people into thinking that your shitty ideologies are not as shitty as they are. It's like Patriots and Nativists - kind of sound similar - WAY WAY WAY different. Look up the definitions! They're just liars.
 ,"nazism and fascism are two different things." 🤣 what?! How incredibly fucking backward can one person be?
 ,Funny I saw those same guys too.
 ,Guy is a brave and good person. Nazi filth deserve anything that comes their way. This guy deserves a medal.
 ,When I went to bed last night I wasn't aware of the scope of the attacks. 138 million is an impressive kill total. /s What a putz.
 ,Every time he speaks his sentences sound Like someone sloppily translated a non-English language to English in google translator.
 ,Is this real? It's not on his twitter  anymore
 ,He is lying again.  He wants his "street soldiers" to believe it.I'm sure it'll be repeated for fucking decades.Along with the muslim fear they can generate.   How long till he connects Ilhan Omar to it?EDIT: spelling
 ,What about the churches here in the U.S. that have been bombed and shot up by his loyal followers??
 ,As a kid I listened to Doctor Demento’s radio show. Now I read Donnie Dementia’s tweets.
 ,I must sound good so in the future they can say "I helped". Yeah I have a feeling you could care less about helping oh orange one.&#x200B;Can't help your own territories after a hurricane what are the odds that aid will end up here if at all?
 ,Oh those poor hotels! Those sweet hotels! Very profitable properties very classy now they have real problems because of the terrorists.
 ,There aren't 138 million people in Sri Lanka you fool!
 ,I love how they try to paint Islam as a political ideology instead of a religion when the GOP is the party of people who want Christian religious law.
 ,Meanwhile the Tamil Tigers are the only ones I have seen in the news
 ,Waiting for the "Christians" who cry "FALSE FLAG" about every other attack to start up...... Any minute now...... Still waiting...
 ,Do these people ever actually watch the news?
 ,Are Muslims considered the left?
 ,And...nothing has happened. Turns out that being a racist truly doesn't grant you any precognition. In fact I'd say their predictions for the future are the opposite of what is actually happening. Islam is the fastest growing religion and Muslims operate thousands of organizations for non violence peace relief aid and many others. We're thriving. No true Muslim ever commits violence against another human being. " Whoever kills an innocent person it is as though he has killed all mankind And whoever saves a life it is as though he had saved all mankind." Actual quote from the Quran. If you want to throw stones in your glass house let me also point out that Muslims never engaged in mass colonialism slavery crusades genocide and imperialism like the west did leading to the deaths of billions. Yet the west claims they are the moral authority? Terrorism is not Islam there is nothing further from Islam.  No terrorist has ever been a Muslim because no true Muslim would commit such awful acts. Your Muslim ban only hurts innocent families. Migration is a human right Trump is stands against human rights.
 ,>Deplorable Lives MatterI bloody hate how they have adopted “deplorable” as a term of endearment. It’s so cringeworthy.
 ,This guys such a winner... Hell he may not even know what deplorable means? I'm thinking he's not the sharpest tool in the tool box.
 ,Get a new toner cartridge ya fuckin tool.
 ,It's great that the leader of this cult was arrested but all of these militia members should be arrested!
 ,What's horrible is that little kids are watching his show and being indoctrinated.
 ,Another foreigner polluting American society with its un-American extremist filth. YouTube needs to cut that little Swede pissant’s hate speech from its platform.
 ,This was a really well put-together and informative video. I think the vast majority of these alt-right white nationalists are just lost boys and girls who found something to grip on to and make themselves feel special where without it they would just be in a self-hating depressive state. The monologue given by the lad near the end who describes how he got sucked into it is such an eye-opener into how some of these people ended up this way. He was told his problems could be attributed to immigrants or lack of societal values or whatever rather than himself so he plunged down that rabbit hole as he put it as such.Of course some of them are probably legitimate psychopaths who get hard at the thought of jack-booted oppression and power tripping but I think they are the minority.Problem is if you go too far down the rabbit hole and it takes root as your identity trying to claw someone back out of that would be nearly impossible. Their whole sense of self worth and purpose is built around the ideology like a cult.
 ,[removed]
 ,Apparently these Russians don’t care if their info comes from college dropouts who don’t have a degree in journalism the same as the Trump Klan doesn’t seem to care here in America.
 ,They're just trying to get they're money's worth. They've invested so much.
 ,[Netto Uyoku](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Netto-uyoku) ARTICLE IS IN JAPANESE. TRANSLATION BY /u/tpjv86b&#x200B; >"My mother has been filing lots of demands for disciplinary actions against lawyers incited by right-wing blogs. I don't know what to do..."  >  >It was last summer that I received this message from an office worker in his 40s. After speaking several times over the phone I met him directly and heard his story.  >  >His mother in her mid-60s worked at a local government office until she retired a few years ago. At that time it was said that she was a very normal calm "working woman". She divorced about 10 years ago and lives alone at home.  >  >"She had no hobbies in particular and after retirement she became homebound. It may be that she became addicted to the internet to deal with her loneliness."  >  >On the internet she encountered the popular right-wing blog “Three-year lifespan current affairs diary”. He then started to notice changes in his mother.  >  >"Sometimes when I went back to my mother's home she was watching TV and muttered 'this Korean ...' or something anti-Korean. I was worried because I had never heard her use language like that before. "  >  >Last time I wrote that about 1000 senior citizens were filing demands for disciplinary actions against lawyers who were complete strangers incited by right-wing blogs. Some of the lawyers caught up in these demands have sued the senior citizens for damages and television and newspapers have started to report on these mass filings of demands for disciplinary actions.  >  >Her son had a bad feeling. "No way is my mother really ...?!". When he returned to his mother's home after a long time there were piles of receipts of demands for disciplinary actions on the table. He counted nearly 150 receipts. The mother had already filed demands for disciplinary actions against nearly 150 lawyers.  >  >This can be said to be a typical case of a senior citizen filing demands for disciplinary actions against lawyers. When living alone there is no one to talk to. There is plenty of time to spend on the computer. By reading the right-wing blogs every day they become convinced that there is a "truth" that the mainstream media never tells them. Because there is no one else living at home no one becomes suspicious about the large amount of receipts that arrive from the Bar Association. His mother insists "We are fighting for Japan!" "If we don't do it then they'll do it to us!" and she won't lend her ear to any efforts at persuading her otherwise. Even when they explain to her that if she is sued by a lawyer and she loses she will have to pay a large sum in damages she is not dissuaded insisting that "we will fight even if this house has to be sold".  >  >He is worried about what would happen if his company learned about this situation. I was sorry to hear his story but I could not do anything. I've been keeping in touch with him since but the situation is not changing at all.  >  >I never imagined that there would come a time when we would have to start worrying about our parents becoming radicalized into the far-right as Netto-Uyo on the internet.  >  >by Yukiko Miyake reporter-writer
 ,Well now I'm imagining ISIS comprised soley of elderly women in bifocals trying to load machine guns. I think that this is perhaps the way the Republicans are going to thin out the Social Security recipients.
 ,Good for her.
 ,And nothing of value was lost.
 ,I'm so shocked that he wasn't a nice person in any aspect of his life... *shaking my head*
 ,I'm sure Americans will be weeping at that loss. /s
 ,Lol!!! 😂
 ,Oh well
 ,It’s a good thing no people were harmed in this article.
 ,Someone give that lady a medal.
 ,Why Roosh? Because he was a hack who profited off of insecure man-babies who realized he didn't have anything useful to say once they finished cleaning their rooms.
 ,Because he never had anything of value to offer and his success was due to him being propped up by the right wing nazi media?
 ,Good.
 ,Good.
 ,Good.
 ,This guy needs to be locked up. He is the white bin Laden.
 ,>He has associated with conspiracy-minded far-right groups and later this month [will ](https://www.jbs.org/store/shopjbs/events-67/jbs-executive-dinner-tickets-wa-april-26-2019)[emcee a dinner](https://www.jbs.org/store/shopjbs/events-67/jbs-executive-dinner-tickets-wa-april-26-2019) for the anti-communist John Birch society in Couer D’Alene IdahoAhhh. The same John Birch Society founded by the Koch father. Like peas in a pod these ones.
 ,This is the republican party.
 ,My surprise level with these things remains constant. By constant I mean not changing. As in has always been 0 every single time.
 ,Not on my watch goddamit....
 ,Considering white america makes up like 60% of the population I'd say it's worryingly larger than a 1/3.
 ,I don’t understand the title. Can you clarify Walter?
 ,It makes sense if you have dementia. Believe me. Bigly.
 ,That's just the number who died when the whites colonized it. Easy mistake.
 ,Nothing will happen but I reported them to the IRS. Want to peddle Christian sharia pay the tax man.
 ,If churches give out voting guides they should have to pay taxes
 ,Fucking political extremists posing as churches should be Fucking taxed into the fucking ground.
 ,I honestly thought that was a shaming/callout at first then i reread it and realized they were _proud_ of it
 ,[Front if anyone is curious sorry about the flash](https://imgur.com/hBqzKCX)
 ,This is an admission that this church needs to lose its tax exempt status.
 ,And here I was thinking "freedom" included a distinct separation of church and state.
 ,What the actual fuck?
 ,No one can deny this...
 ,Haha wait  you guys don't remember that part in the Bible where jesus meets a leper and he just pulls his nose off?
 ,Trump is losing the plot and becoming “disabled” himself so I guess he’s sowed his own seeds so to speak.
 ,At least religious hypocrisy is now laid bare for all to see.
 ,Thanks for blurring his horrid face.The sight and sound of him make me physically sick for all he represents.There's a good book called One Nation Under God.. How Corporate America Invented Christian America which details how this campaign to invent right wing Jesus started in the 50s and explains how they corrupted his teachings to excuse their immoral exploitation. They have confused the pious into supporting their oppression the fucking charlatans.
 ,This was the exact moment that I knew he would never become president of the United States. Blatant immaturity coupled with the cruelty of a schoolyard bully.Yeah good thing I don't place bets on election outcomes. Just wild.Edit: a word
 ,Let’s be real conservative Christians were never with Jesus in the first place.
 ,I've asked Christians about this and they told me it's "fake news". I then responded "It's well-documented because it was record live".  They still say it's fake news.
 ,You should post it to r/dankchristianmemes as well.
 ,45* has become the golden calf that the Israelites started worshiping in Moses' absence.
 ,Conservatives are domestic terrorists. Pretty sure Jesus isn't into terrorism.
 ,Wow you hit it right on the nose.
 ,Omg lmfao
 ,The so called god sure doesn't believe in humans that's a given.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Shithead!
 ,His diaper should had been made of the Bill of Rights.
 ,[removed]
 ,This is pure uncanny valley.
 ,Getting him in your suggestions would probably make you reevaluate everything about you.
 ,Now if we could just ban him from life.
 ,Dang imagine getting matched up with this scumbag
 ,Some people may be wondering why I'm targeting Joe Rogan someone that claims to not be alt-right and holds some liberal views. Well the reason why is because he platforms a lot of alt-right characters along with progressives which makes his alt-right guests seem more acceptable in the eyes of a moderate. The intention he has for hosting them is irrelevant because [his role as a useful idiot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HclaKb5LUYY) does the job in radicalizing people. If we want to get serious about stopping alt-right radicalization we need to target its source. As Faraday Speaks [brilliantly claims in this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfLa64_zLrU) people don't come up to you in Nazi uniform and tell you to join the alt-right they slowly bring you to accept their beliefs by normalizing them and then tying them to beliefs you already hold.Edit: To expand on my point in how moderates get radicalized check out Christian Picciolini a former skinhead that now fights against hatred.
 ,It’s refreshing to see others point out that Joe Rogan is a useless addition to entertainment. I’ve been saying it for awhile and enjoying the downvote Reddit mob reaction.
 ,He used to be semi-entertaining before he came out as a Reich wing christofascist asshole
 ,Marshall looks like such a cute pup. Shame he can’t understand that his owner is complicit in the far right radicalisation of a generation.
 ,I’m brand new to this sub but I’ve been saying this on other platforms for awhile. I was never a big JRE person but I’d check in once in a while depending on the guest. He gives a platform for way too shady people and he’s not informed enough to conduct a proper interview and ask relevant questions. I don’t know what his actual political beliefs are but I do know he panders to his audience which is undoubtedly made up of a lot of MAGA people. Frankly I think it’s irresponsible for someone with such a big platform to be so misinformed (or not informed at all) on a variety of issues.
 ,r/enemystands
 ,Why do white people want to kill transgenders? Like seriously? What the fuck have they done that warrants death? They just want to be treated equally.
 ,Wanna take a guess as to what will happen to him?(Hint: the answer is nothing and also probably other right-wing cretins jumping to his aid calling him a great guy etc)It *should* be legal to hang people like him as traiors.
 ,But but but ThE vIoLeNt LeFt!!! 1!11!!!1
 ,His people = white people
 ,These people are evil.
 ,That literally made me ill.
 ,I love Trevor Noah.
 ,How anyone could possibly continue to "bothsides" the political situation in this country is beyond me.
 ,That man has serious mental issues imo.
 ,Never even heard of this person. Does he work for Breitbart?
 ,The Christian Taliban is probably the biggest threat to our country today. When Reagan was elected in 1980 the Moral Majority started making inroads into politics. Today these fundamentalist Christians are on their way to turning this country into a theocracy. For anyone who values free-thinking and believes like The Constitution says that this country should not establish any official religion this group and their influence should be very worrisome.
 ,May the Lord open.
 ,/r/FuckBothHuckabees /s
 ,I've heard from countless angels that said he's going straight to hell.
 ,The dear thing is really bothering me even though I know that there are bigger issues here.
 ,This has been tried before with the pride flag but this strategy of symbol appropriation that fascists and their kin like to use only works when the symbol they chose lacks an established political narrative. The okay hand and pepe both were generic enough but widespread enough that they could successfully force a narrative with those symbols. Most people don't see the gay pride flag and associate it primarily with diversity between races but with gay pride.
 ,Dumb stunt. Dumb kids.
 ,The internet is a really... it's a place all right.
 ,I’ve seen some of these before back when Australia had the gay marriage “vote”...So not only are these lame propaganda they’re also really old and stale
 ,Is is incredible how corrupt border patrol is.
 ,Used to be the crazies would claim to talk to God.  Now its Trump.
 ,I want to say it's not likely but it's also plausible.
 ,I can't wait for Trump to knight him. /s
 ,I wonder how many of the local police that assisted the FBI with the arrest are actually members of the United Constitutional Douchebags or whatever the militia’s name is?
 ,Truly saddened to share even a third of a name with this deeply racist pawn star understudy
 ,We get it guys. You didn't have parents who cared a lot for you. They didn't give you enough hugs. They didn't tell you you're special.So you found a "community" you could be part of. To feel good and special. To feel part of something you feel like you've got something to live for something to get up every morning for. You still crave that attention mommy and daddy didn't give you. It makes you happy that you go outside dressed like a muppet and have people stare at you.You can now go to sleep happily tonight still with butterflies in your belly because people gave you attention. Well done.
 ,I'm not saying that *all* conservatives are Nazis but it sure seems like all nazis in America vote Republican and go to Trump rallies.
 ,Utter scum.
 ,aaaaaand same as the last public nazi pic the dude has a phone in his shirt pocket
 ,Have alt-righters been saying WW2 Vets are white nationalists?
 ,Let's be honest... Not a single historian is a nationalist because they know better.
 ,But the US army was segregated...
 ,The FBI arrested them
 ,Tbh it's The Daily Heil what can we expect.  Some of the most toxic comments sections you'll ever see.  It attracts the lowest of the low.  Paul Dacre and Murdoch were systematic in making DM readers vote against their best interests over Brexit pushing the blame for the Economic crash onto minorities and the unemployed. it's the Fox News of the UK it's not even a newspaper it's a satire of itself and let's never forget that it supported Hitler during the war.
 ,This seems like a good time to send a PSA to the edgelords that seem to come here despite being told they're unwelcome. https://i.imgur.com/9GYJniB.jpg
 ,Ah ffs. Vile people.
 ,Wait Hitler's birthday is 4/20? Why is Hitler weed's evil twin?
 ,😒 Sigh.Daily Mail. 'Nuff said.
 ,Brilliant. Awareness of the altright is a good thing.
 ,Good!  There's likely to be a bunch more that have infiltrated various police forces nationwide and they need to be found and removed!  Otherwise they'll continue to follow their racist/sexist views and use their positions as police officers to harm minorities in the future.
 ,When alleged means proved it’s a dangerous time to live.
 ,Holy shit. His comments about muslimsJesus Fucking Christ
 ,Wooooow and that is what 24/7 Fox News AON and Talk Radio does to you Kids.
 ,I love your delivery.  You keep a cool head let him talk and present follow up questions very respectfully.
 ,"No he's fucked cause you hurt his feelings so now he has to cry on twitter everyday and go golfing instead of being president" - every trump supporter right now.
 ,Such a disgrace.  I don't even tell my grandchildren there is a president.  I'll wait until this buffoon and his bigoted followers are are in the rear view mirror.
 ,Okay. I hate the guy. Disgusted by him wish they had something to impeach him with but can we quit the the "Gotcha" journalism bullshit? There is so much more to focus on in the report that is damning than the one quote taken out of context. He said hes fucked because he was told if he got one of these special councils itd ruin his presidency. It pisses me off that there are 400 pages of content and everyone is focused on these two stupid words because they attract more attention than the other 400+ pages. This is all ive seen from the left since the report was released and everyone on the right is just laughing at this poor attempt at pinning Trump.
 ,Even he underestimated how extremely devoted to him the suicide cult was
 ,/r/pledgetoimpeach - contact your reps and tell them to sign the pledge now!
 ,Beg to differ: I've said it before with regards to meeting deadlines and I'm totally innocent in the eyes of the law. I've also known people to say those words upon receiving an undeserved traffic ticket. However in the context of this investigation and what led him to utter those words yeah I'd say he's guilty as hell.
 ,Lots of innocent people say that...    I’m not defending chief Cheetoo Mussolini by any means but..    just off the top of my head I bet a bunch of innocent people in the twin towers on 9/11 or on the Titanic that fateful April nite uttered these very words...      Hell I dropped a case of beer at work last week and said “I’m fucked”..  Let’s all just hope he is ACTUALLY fucked because that would be amazing..    somehow I see him sleezing his way out of this in some slimeball method and then he will blame “the dems” and his base of moron unclefuckers will cheer for joy...
 ,Meanwhile his fucking Game of Thrones meme sits firmly at over 350000 likes on Twitter and regardless of how much of this feedback is artificial one thing that can't be denied is that his supporters haven't budged even an inch.
 ,[removed]
 ,Another future right wing terrorist.
 ,MAGA bomber 2.0 incoming!!
 ,r/infowarriorrides
 ,Florida man moves to NJ.
 ,Obviously a true Christian
 ,Well that's fucking terrifying. Any bets on how long before these groups start popping up anywhere people of color live (esp. Hispanic neighborhoods) doing the same shit at gun point.
 ,Brown shirts gonna brown shirt
 ,Fat gun-nut on disability who only speaks one language "They're taking our jobs!"
 ,WTF????
 ,I wonder how they would feel with armed liberals showing up at the South border?
 ,Hopefully this will start waking up the decent Americans.  We have a big problem in this country and it's blatant bigotry racism and jingoism.  We need to put them back in the bag they fell out of. If we allow this to progress and do nothing we are cowards who deserve to be recorded in history along with the German populace who hid their eyes.
 ,Piece of shit vigilante border patrol cosplaying ass clowns. Who the fuck says "I think I'll get my gun and go intimidate the people who walked a thousand miles with their kids to escape violence and poverty" and thinks this is a good idea?
 ,[removed]
 ,Watch the video about Fox News talking shit on Obama when he was president. It’s so fucking funny how trump is doing worse about all the shit they talked shit about Obama
 ,Yeah they've got this mentality of "he's a bastard but he's *our* bastard".
 ,Hey look it's that twat that unprofessionally lost his shit and started screaming at a hearing because he 100% believed his boy Kavanaugh didn't do nuffin'.Quality moral integrity.
 ,There is a fucking major difference between lying about a blowjob and getting Russia to interfere in an election and then lying about it.
 ,Very impartial /s
 ,This dude looks like a boy his parents would have named "Lindsey."  wanker.
 ,If you can’t hear the gif press the Imgur above next to my username.
 ,I liked the evil jujitsu Lindsey did where he went from fierce trump critic to trump sycophant. The dude just creates the pretense that he has any values or respect for democracy.
 ,Lindsey carrying on the family con biz of shysterhood lol
 ,Fingers crossed he's dumb enough to make out with a dude in public like that anti-LGBT politician at Coachella.
 ,Fuck this closeted psychopath.
 ,totally willing to impeach a guy who was not in his party for less.  but now the guy who is a literall criminal who is doing far worse offenses than the ones in this video?*cricket noises*you see it was never about the reasons he cites.  those are lies.  it was about being partisan grabbing at power and turning the voters to your side through any means necessary.we knew they were lying at the time it just took 20+ years for the proof to surface.
 ,Such a Dandy.
 ,What absolutely amazes me is that these people know that they did this and have it on record yet they still don't care because their base won't.
 ,One of these days the video of him fucking a dead child will surface and it will all make sense...
 ,Lindsey Graham’s spine is a worm.
 ,You know I was going to say when will the Republican Party and voters care about democracy but I realized they don’t. This would only upset them if it was President Obama or Hillary Clinton. Hell any Democrat.Just like the law and order Christian way less government Fiscal responsibilities is bull. The Republican Party doesn’t mind treason if it helps the 1% and the republican voters don’t care if they feel Caucasians keep power . It’s sad. They literally and happily drank the cool aid.  And they will only get worst. If we think they will see this report and say shit this is wrong. We are living in a fantasy land. I believe they would giveaway all of democracy and what the constitution stands for.
 ,Lindsay Graham is a compromised Russian plant. Got his computer hacked and suddenly he becomes all buddy-buddy with the Trump crew.
 ,VOTE EVERY ONE OF THESE HYPOCRITES OUT.
 ,Unfortunately you can’t change stupid
 ,Is he wearing makeup?
 ,As terrible as they come
 ,He’s been compromised. Somehow.
 ,All these old bastards need to go
 ,Piece of shit could barely keep a straight face while spewing this bullshit. Reminds me of when Sessions was under oath and testifying and he could barely contain his smug fucking smile while brazenly lying through his hillbilly teeth.
 ,[removed]
 ,My my my he looks like Dylan Dreyer when he was young.
 ,What a craven rat fuck.
 ,What in the twilight zone? Why is the militia not being arrested themselves?
 ,Arrest them all.
 ,So arrest the militia. Duh.
 ,[removed]
 ,Wow. Gross
 ,Gross and it's not like the IRA targeted her it was blind firing at cops she just happened to be there.  Why do they like Julian Assange all the sudden?
 ,Shit that guy should be arrested
 ,Well if you've ever actually tried to have an adult-level conversation with a Trump supporter then you know that talking with a dead pig's brain would have considerable appeal in comparison.
 ,What a douche. I’ll repost for you.
 ,Last name "Christian".  How apt.
 ,I don't know about any scientific studies (because who would honestly want to study these freaks?) but it's probably because the far right are actual fantasists who are so miserable in their real life situations that video games and anime let's them escape their misery and self-hatred for a while.It's sad really.
 ,There's a confounder you're ignoring which is that you're only looking at the section of alt-righters and incels who are heavy internet users. Heavy internet users are more likely to be anime fans or gamers than non-heavy-internet-users regardless of their politics.
 ,I know countless lefties who love video games and anime (myself included though I used to be pretty conservative)! They're two huge mediums of entertainment. I don't think it's a left/right thing. Just that conservatives are more aggressive in colonizing spaces that the fans meet. I won't deny that many video games and anime is problematic. Take Warhammer! The lore is pretty fascist but a group of lefty fans have created a space to criticize it and geek out over it at r/sigmarxism.
 ,"look I just love debates and moderate politics. now find me the nearest anxious teen to yell at in front of a crowd"
 ,I haven't watched southpark since highschool...has it really become pro-trump?...or is it r/ENLIGHTENEDCENTRISM
 ,Oh boy. 8 comments and my post and already half of them are deleted. Must have really rattled the Nazi hornet nest.
 ,Benny boy and jordyyesRogan and Pewd:s are enablersSouthpark's just not though is it? it's enlightened centrism or it makes fun of centrism or is libertarian or is a show created by multiple people with different views I'm not sure.And Elons just an egotistical libertarian who was born into a rich South African emerald mine owner's home  (read into that what you will cough cough aparteid much cough cough)
 ,"The Liberal but conveniently promote far-right politics and politicians starter pack.
 ,Ben never claimed to neutral he self identifies as right-wing.  And haven't seen anything political from Elon other then that one tweet that got taken out of context.
 ,This is a perfect explanation. Despite me living in California this describes a lot of ignorant white boys I knew.
 ,Kanye West
 ,[removed]
 ,Who the hell is that bald guy?
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Covert Nazis in these comments are defending Pewdiepie Elon Musk and South Park. Let me explain something to you:&#x200B;South Park despite mocking both left and right equally is a show that's comedy mainly revolves around making fun of people who want CHANGE. Whether it be democrats or nazis making these changes. However because the left by its very nature is progressive and pro-change and the right by its very nature is anti-change the show by default is alt-right regardless of how neutral it claims to be. &#x200B;Pewdiepie says the n word keeps making nazi jokes calling "death to all jews" multiple times made multiple racist diss tracks towards Indian people is cited by mass-shooters as their role model and is just a manchild who in general makes all of his jokes around offensive or controversial topics which is just not okay to poke fun at.&#x200B;Elon Musk might be singlehandedly funding electric cars 3d road networks private space programs and online banking...which don't get me wrong is all great but with great power comes great responsibility. The context of what he does physicall for the world DOESN'T MATTER when he uses his fame to verbally promote alt-right ideologies to the masses. Calling a diver a pedophile on Twitter being friends with Pewdiepie and Joe Rogan (two other alt-right figures) treating his employees poorly promoting Capitalism and private industry smoking weed on live TV despite knowing he has an audience of impressionable kids who might become drug addicts because of him and funding both right and left parties rather than just the left so he can bribe both to benefit his own pockets is all traits of an evil dude. He uses philanthropy to mask his true psychopathic nature as a Nazi.
 ,[removed]
 ,The Deplorables.
 ,The only good Nazi is a dead Nazi. Yep that's right. I said it. Come after me far right Free Speech Warriors. Haha. Give me your best shot at protecting Nazis.
 ,Thinking of them living in the Northeast anywhere makes me want to puke.
 ,You put down the camera and went out to punch them both immediately after right?
 ,This will surely fix all that economic anxiety and lack of jobs.
 ,Sick evil scumbags.
 ,Why do people keep saying these people saved Trump? In order to get charged for Obstruction of justice you don’t have to be successful at obstructing justice. If you instructed or did anything  to obstruct justice and they didn’t obey you you are still culpable.If you instruct someone to kill your wife and he doesn’t you can still get charged for that. mueller should have charged trump for this and let the courts decide if he can get indicted or not
 ,Why the fuck should that matter? If I'm to fucking stupid to know I'm breaking the law I'm going to get locked up anyway.
 ,I am too stupid to know the Speed Limit was 55mph and drove 80mph when the cop pulled me over.  Can I use that defense?
 ,He’s Donald’s son. Of course he was too stupid lol
 ,I’m too stupid to know that you’re supposed to pay for the stuff in stores before you leave with it. So I guess I get free stuff now?
 ,Since when is ignorance of the law a valid defense?
 ,I didn't know marijuana was illegal and I'm too stupid to find out if it is or not.  So I'm cool right?
 ,Bunch of bullshit.
 ,Ignorantia juris non excusat.
 ,That's not a defense.
 ,He’s 41 not 14. This isn’t a child helping his pop out while he runs the country. This is an epic douche bag whose gone to expensive schools with no school loans no debt no struggle no hurdles or trials. He’s never gone hungry and he’s never been wronged. He’s been given everything in this world save his father’s love. Fuck him he betrayed the country and one doesn’t have to be a legal scholar or a slow first grader to know what he was doing was wrong. Every single fucker in prison in this country right at this moment—all 2.3 million of them—deserve more benefit of the doubt than daddy’s herpes sore
 ,The apple dosen't fall far from the tree..
 ,We literally have people in death row and have killed people who were mentally handicapped and with the mentality of a toddler..I think this week we literally killed a mentally handicapped person and the judge refused to put a stay on his execution..So if we can kill humans with the mentality of a toddler we should be able to put this motherfucker in jail.I’m sorry but I’m starting to think that this saint we call Mueller is nothing more than a republican stooge covering up for trump.At what point is mueller going to say or do something about this traitor in the White House and his treasonous family.
 ,These attacks are fueled by racism. Racism and prejudice and nothing else. I disagree with her greatly on her political stances but I don't want to kill her. These are the same people who called Obama a "monkey" and will act shocked if you call them racist. I leveled legitimate criticism against Obama as my reason for disliking him and not one person accused me of being racist. It's the same situation with Ilhan I never attack her race or religion so I'm never called a bigot.  This is beyond the stage where people are desperate to convince others they aren't racist now. At this point people are up front with it and this leads to them being up front and proud of not only their racism against her but their main reasoning for wanting to kill her. They don't want to kill her because they think she's a "socialist" or because they just don't like Democrats they want to kill her because she's black.
 ,Carrie Fischer has a perfect quote for this"He's a gay Republican on cocaine. Why? Well have you ever met a gay Republican who wasn't on cocaine?"
 ,Fucking quisling!!!
 ,[removed]
 ,But it's cool folks. This woman calls herself a "Christian."
 ,“May got rid of 20000 police”I ain’t gonna lie they had me in the first half.
 ,Yeah well conservatives aren't exactly the type to "think".Oops..I better watch out..may get my account banned again for saying shit that was *much less violent than those fucking assholes say on a daily*.fuck reddit admins...corrupt fuckers. and fuck (con) servatives too.
 ,Excuse me the reason why the NHS is failing is because it’s being deliberately sabotaged by the Tories
 ,I live in Scotland.Can tell you NHS is not like "third world" lol.It has it's faults but the NHS is amazing.My mum is on a cocktail of medication. We're grateful Scotland has free medication for all. If we lived in Amreica she could never afford it.I don't care how "bad" people try to make the NHS look. I'd still rather live in a country where I can walk into the hospital and be treated free of charge than live in America and be told to fuck off and die because I'm not rich.Tories in the UK starve the NHS of funds on purpose because they want it to perform badly so that they can privatise it all. Tories go on about there not being any money to fund the NHS but somehow there's always money for wars or to store Trident or to give themselves pay rises or to pay for Buckingham Palace to be refurbished...
 ,Not to mention that they're having problems because the right wing dicks sabotaged the British Healthcare System.
 ,Perfect is the enemy of good
 ,Anglo male Trump cultists with gun fetishes.
 ,Also 2015 New Mexico StatutesChapter 30 - Criminal OffensesSection 3 Assault and BatterySection 30-3-1 Assault.https://law.justia.com/codes/new-mexico/2015/chapter-30/article-3/section-30-3-1/
 ,Good. What a scumbag.
 ,Florida man strikes again
 ,So when is he running for governor?
 ,His beloved president is making deals with the country that bred the 9/11 killers.
 ,Love it. **love it** LOVE IT!!!!!
 ,I liked the original. It really said something about trumps thinking (lol). How he perceives working for the American people as just a game to be won or cheated if need be.
 ,Oh god oh fuck
 ,r/sbubby
 ,Time to ban conservative Christians from every business then.
 ,I hate this nonsense. People can’t help being gay and shouldn’t be judged for it.
 ,Just to clarify he also said earlier in the thread that he supports people being able to deny blacks service too if they want to.... Solid ideology
 ,If he wants to ban a demographic from his house that’s his right sure...It’s an archaic way to live but whatever.Businesses however are another story.We live in the 21st century it’s time to act like it.
 ,Also this guy: But Sarah Huckabee Sanders couldn't finish her burger that one time!!! 11!!!1! REEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
 ,We exercised pest control against that u/Bannanaflame cockroach who posted that banning the edgy little fellow from here over a year ago.But he’s still flinging his own feces around:> Jews did 9/11. Bush & Co helped so they could destroy evidence in the Pentagon and install the domestic spying programs they had been working on since before Bush killed JFK.>Trump knows this and wants to bring them to justice.Trump doesn’t know what country his dad was born in and he he thinks Genesis is an orange story.  Donnie Dementia doesn’t know how to spell the word “justice.” 😂
 ,I love how these people think that those smart-ass questions and statements are somehow new and never addressed. They've been smashed to pieces decades ago. The problem with the 'just asking questions' crowd is that they are like a bunch of kids who ask for a cookie but whenever the word 'no' is said their only response is to ask it a few dozen more times until the cookie is given just to shut them up.&#x200B;Part of being a grown up is knowing when to take away children's toys and privileges when they don't play by the rules.
 ,One officer was bold enough to have white supremacist tattoos on his neck while other recruited for his hate group on college campuses. Imagine how many hateful seeds they helped plant before being outed.
 ,Good.
 ,I want to see their swastika eyebrows!
 ,Great...now we're importing assholes.  I thought we got lucky when Sean Spicer left...
 ,Fuck that flag!
 ,But they have such a [proud Confederate heritage](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wheeling_Convention)
 ,It’s even worse because **West Virginia was specifically formed during the Civil War because its residents were pro-Union and opposed to Virginia’s secession**.
 ,To be fair it is definitely the worst Virginia
 ,on the subject of flags everyone here should be weary of /r/vexillology or at least take a peak. i have seen a few confederate flag "redesigns" and 3rd reich style flags all throughout the front page. the alt right may very well be infiltrating that sub as well
 ,Not organized enough for conspiracy. But greed and stupidity they have that in spades
 ,Good. I’m glad they’re getting banned from places.
 ,Now why would he say this if he was innocent?
 ,[Trump tweeted this last month](https://mobile.twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1109918388133023744)>No Collusion No Obstruction Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!**Today:**>Page 2 volume II:"If we had confidence after a thorough investigation of the facts that the president clearly did not commit obstruction of justice we would state so. Based on the facts and the applicable legal standards however we are unable to reach that judgment. The evidence we obtained about the president's actions and intent presents difficult issues that prevent us from conclusively determining that no criminal conduct occurred. Accordingly while this report does not conclude that the president committed a crime it also does not exonerate him"So either the POTUS doesn’t understand the definition of the word ‘exonerate’ or he’s just full of shit.
 ,Yes Donnie yes you are. And *how*.From the moment you became president you were fucked more fucked then anyone in the entire history of the world. And that includes Abraham Lincoln James Garfield William McKinley and John Fucking Kennedy. In fact if Archangel Michael himself had landed down from Dallas that fateful day and given JFK a choice between two fates – his or yours – he would have kept on smiling and waving until Oswald’s bullet ended all that. If Crassus - a man whose naked greed ended up him being killed by a face full of molten gold had to make that choice he would ask for seconds in case the first wasn’t enough. Ala ad-din Muhammad a now obscure ruler of Persia who made the fateful mistake of insulting another then obscure ruler to him Genghis Khan ended up having  such a fuckstorm of pure death unleashed on his country that Iran took until 1920 to recover in population. He too would choose to insult the Khan and probably send a few rude drawings of himself and Genghis’s mother to make sure he didn’t have to sit in your hot seat because it’s about to left the Sun in shadow.Where to begin? It’s like stepping into the Library of Alexandria. Except it never burned down. And they kept updating it to this day. And every book was filled with childish insults depraved perving idiotic nonsensical statements senile ravings stupid faces and debasement of the United States of America in a way that has not and will not ever be repeated. For no other idiotic moron inbred lunatic in history had cameras recorders phones aides aiming for lucrative book deals and fucking Chinese goddamn spy satellites following his every move 24/7. And that is just the last few years – which have felt like a century. You were a known bag of the runniest dogshit way way before that. Like boy my puppy once ate three donuts and a bag of gummi bears when she learned to open doors. You leave her in shame.Where the fuck will I begin Donald? Is it the time you speculated about your infant daughter’s hot tits? Is it the time you were told not to look at an eclipse and you did? Is it the time you told your personal doctor to lie about your weight in a physical? Is it the time you started your presidency by exaggerating your audience size? Is it the time you hit on an Irish reporter in the Oval Office while the cameras were running? The other time you told another doctor to lie about your weight in a physical? Is it the fifteen times Angela Merkel had to explain how trade in the EU works? Is it the time you had a fight with a Gold Star family? The time you pretended to be working by shifting papers randomly so you wouldn’t have to talk to the reporter? The time you said “You’re the puppert you’re the puppet you’re the puppet” on live TV? Is it the time you told a seven year old he was too old to believe in Santa around Christmas? Is it the time you cheated on your wife who has given birth to your son whom you named after a fake identity you made you to suck your own dick in a live phone interview with a pornstar who compared your dick to a mushroom then tried to silence her?Is it the time you said the thing in common with your daughter – another one – is sex and how you would date her if she wasn’t your daughter? Is it your revolving door of an administration? The time suggested us Finns don’t have forest fires because we rake our forests? Is it the time when you couldn’t name a single Bible verse?  The other porn star? Is it Mooch Spicey covfefe Omarosa Cohen Flynn the very important nuclear and cyber hamberders in the White House 5th Avenue and grabbing the pussy? It is impossible to choose.Every day – every fucking day of since you decided to run for president AGAIN – has been filled with you. Everywhere all the time. With the exception of uncontacted tribes in the Amazon and those guys in Andamans who throw spears at helicopters and missionaries everyone knows who you are. You’ve achieved the ultimate ascension of narcissists. I tip my hat and hate to you Donald. You have become immortal. All presidents do but never again will such a perfect collection of all the negative traits of humanity with zero of the redeeming ones occupy the highest office of the planet Earth. You have branded your name on the human collective memory for eternity. All what I mentioned above is a mere fraction of the total. How could you not be? You think we still wouldn’t be watching live footage of Caligula or Henry VIII all the fucking time if they had HD cameras following their every move? So yes you are fucked. You will be forever fucked by history in the worst fucking ways it has ever devised as those who supported and voted for you become a dwindling memory and a joke. It will just be about you in the end just like you wanted. The magnitude of the humiliation conga that will be visited on your syphilis-ridden senile ass will make whatever a hypothetical offspring of Giĺles de Rais and Hieronymus Bosch could dream up in his wildest fucking acid trip look like Peppa Pig.And I chose to write how you will be fucked by history because I quite frankly don’t have the stomach or the imagination to describe how hard *the law* will fuck you. Because like said you are very good at leaving a trail.
 ,Words of an innocent man. /s
 ,GOP: "Nah. Don't worry. We got you fam."
 ,Luckily for him crimes no longer matter and rule of law is an afterthought if not little more than a joke at this point.
 ,"I'm fucked" is the new "totally exonerates the President. Thank you!"
 ,Clearly no collusion. /s
 ,Every day will continue to be more stupid than the previous one. We’re just getting started.
 ,Man he's always wrong. It's like a super power.It's interesting to see how much he underestimates the cravenness of conservatives and the lengths they'll go to to protect him. You hear that assholes? Your daddy thinks you are shit.
 ,Womp womp
 ,It seems that Trump was never afraid of collusion with Russia.  I think that he knew he was Fucked because he knew it was going to uncover all the other shit he has done.  He could of shut down all the investigations that were inevitably going to open up against him but he couldn't shut down the Russia investigation which was going to uncover his tax cheating election fraud money laundering mail fraud etc etc etc.   I think that is what he was thinking when he said he was fucked.
 ,What’s even more beautiful is that Fox News has a trending article with this quote in the headline.
 ,Cue trump supporters saying “this was fake!” in 3...2...1...
 ,Misdirection. What he really meant to say is I have fucked everyone. I have set us back 3 decades.
 ,If only...
 ,How did we get that quote from trump?
 ,[removed]
 ,Trump is a cancer plaguing this once great country.
 ,Oh great armed trump vigilantes. It's always gotta get more fucking terrifying doesn't it?
 ,Scumbags
 ,If you wanna be a badass so much then join the military...oh wait these pussies don’t want to risk getting blown to bits for their country
 ,Who are these guys? Why aren't they named they should be locked up no matter who they are!
 ,I bet that pretty soon we’re gonna hear that the migrants have been found dead there’s bound be one nut job in the group of vigilantes that’s gonna try and kill one of them.
 ,Get a fucking job scumbags.
 ,I do not understand how any responsible intelligent human being could possibly support that man.
 ,These conspiracy theories are getting worst by the day.
 ,Reddit not removing The_Donald or putting in proper mods is some embarrassing shit for Reddit.
 ,Thats what I was telling my coworkers. His head seemed to get redder and redder.
 ,That look of  We’re Fucked Now
 ,Attorney Gene
 ,Rosenstein is a patriot. Period. He did the best he could.
 ,Shit the dummies just don't get it.Making shit up and going around the room getting people to agree with the bullshit...
 ,Conservatives are hypocrites. What's new?In other news water is wet.
 ,This accurately portrays why I can’t have a conversation with a republican.
 ,Hard to believe that a scam artist who only is where he is because of nepotism would have moral flexibility in his judgement of a scam artist who only is where he is because of nepotism.
 ,So consistency isn't his strong suit?At least he tows the party line....   On behalf of white middle class Christians who aren't douche bags I apologize.
 ,Someone should post this on r/The_Donald and screenshot some reactions before he gets banned by those snowflakes
 ,That’s actually just the same douche being a douche twice. But I take your point. Fuck those guys.
 ,Save your effort no right wing person has ever cared about hypocrisy
 ,The plus side to all this fucking ridiculous excuse-making hypocrisy and covering up/obstructing justice is future Democratic politicians won't need to explain or justify their actions/decisions/behaviour.    All they'll need to do is play back recordings of Republicans.  Democrats can ditch their spokespeople in favor of a junior staffer following them around with the YouTube app open.     Should the GOP call for investigations into alleged corrupt behaviour of a future Democratic president there's days-worth of Jim Jordan refusing to investigate anything.
 ,That's funny because evangelical Trump supporters have done more to push people away from Christ than the devil himself could ever hope for.
 ,What you expect an evangelical to operate in good faith? They're not even aware of what faith is.
 ,The problem with this is the first two words in the second comment are "I think"As if
 ,I don’t know a single democrat who tries to undermine what Bill Clinton did but republicans will REALLY try and twist trumps infidelity as if it was no big deal. Fucking hypocrites lol
 ,The Lard works in mysterious ways.
 ,AND THEY WONDER WHY PEOPLE WHO IDENTIFY WITH A RELIGION IS DRASTICALLY DOWN.  Look at their leaders.
 ,What else do you expect from Evangelical filth?
 ,Double talking scumbag. Better not let anyone in your closet prick.
 ,I saw an excellent explanation in a response to another item: Religions were created to serve man. Man was created to serve God. You cannot serve two masters. Evangelicals serve religion not God.
 ,Hypocritical just like the cult he follows.
 ,That title is an understatement.
 ,It’s as if they stand for absolutely nothing
 ,It's sickening how these evangelicals exalt Trump as some kind of "holy man" especially considering how he's the physical embodiment of all seven deadly sins.
 ,I wish there was a hell so this hypocritical sack of shit could go there.
 ,Whenever Franklin Graham Tony Perkins or their ilk appear on the news TV makes we wish that the antichrist were real.
 ,Scumbags
 ,Hypocrites
 ,I don’t think that these stupid trumpkin hypocrites and liars realize that recordings exist
 ,Graham is a piece of shit.
 ,I honestly think the majority of these people need mental health..
 ,And they wonder why people aren't taking them up on their offers to debate.
 ,This only works cus his followers don't really care about the truth. They just want a talking head to agree with their malformed opinions. Works like this for all sides on nearly all issues.
 ,We need a massive video that shows these contradictions back to back. Show the person making statement 1 against liberals vs the same person making the opposite statement defending republicans. With *every single* statement having NOT just a compilation of quotes showing hypocrisy without context but a video *showing*    the hypocritical statements lies etc back to back with the original statement. We need something irrefutable to show these brainwashed morons what they refuse to see themselves.
 ,[removed]
 ,None of Christianity go with the GOP. They just distort Christianity into however aids their bigoted agrnda.
 ,smorgasbord Christians pick and choose what fits “your” beliefs the rest throw it out.
 ,Who's gonna post this to r/the_donald and get immediately banned?
 ,Republicans and evangelicals are the epitome of hypocrites and are a real evil in the world.  Sad.
 ,You shall not oppress your neighbor...but you shall love your neighbor as yourself: I am the Lord— (Lev 19:13 18).He [the Lord your God] executes justice for the fatherless and the widow and loves the sojourner giving him food and clothing. Love the sojourner therefore; for you were sojourners in the land of Egypt— (Deut. 10:18–19).When you reap in your harvest in the field and have forgotten a sheaf in the field you shall not go back to get it...When you beat your olive trees you shall not go over the boughs again...When you gather the grapes of your vineyard you shall not glean it afterward; it shall be for the sojourner the fatherless and the widow. You shall remember that you were a slave in the land of Egypt; therefore I command you to do this— (Deut. 24:19–22).Give justice to the weak and the fatherless; maintain the right of the afflicted and the destitute. Rescue the weak and the needy; deliver them from the hand of the wicked— (Ps. 82 (81): 3 4).Blessed is the man who fears the Lord who greatly delights in his commandments!...He has distributed freely he has given to the poor; his righteousness endures forever; his horn is exalted in honour— (Ps. 112 (111): 1 9).Even though you make many prayers I will not listen; your hands are full of blood...cease to do evil learn to do good; seek justice correct oppression; defend the fatherless plead for the widow— (Isa. 1:15–17).It is God's gift to humankind that everyone should eat and drink and take pleasure in all their toil— (Ecc. 3: 13)."Blessed are you poor for yours is the kingdom of God. Blessed are you that hunger now for you shall be satisfied" -(Luke 6:20 21).Jesus: "Watch out! Be on your guard against all kinds of greed; life does not consist of an abudnance of possessions"-(Luke 12:15)."No one can serve two masters. Either you will hate the one and love the other or you will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and money."- (Matthew 6:24)"Whoever oppresses the poor shows contempt for their Maker but whoever is kind to the needy honors God."-(Proverbs 14:31)"Be shepherds of God's flock that is under your care watching over them - not because you must but because you are willing as God wants you to be; not pursuing dishonest gain but eager to serve; not lording it over those entrusted to you but being examples to the flock"-(1 Peter 5:2-3)> **Open your mouth for the mute** for the rights of all who are destitute. Open your mouth judge righteously **defend the rights of the poor and needy**. -(Proverbs 31:8-9)>Remember those who are in prison as though in prison with them and those who are mistreated since you also are in the body. -(Hebrews 13:3)>A righteous man knows the rights of the poor; a wicked man does not understand such knowledge.-(Proverbs 29:7)>Woe to those who make unjust laws to those who issue oppressive decrees to deprive the poor of their rights and withhold justice from the oppressed of my people making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless.-(Isaiah 10:1-2)>This is what the Lord Almighty said: ‘Administer true justice; show mercy and compassion to one another. Do not oppress the widow or the fatherless the foreigner or the poor. Do not plot evil against each other.’ But they refused to pay attention; stubbornly they turned their backs and covered their ears.-(Zechariah 7:9-11)>Thus says the Lord: Do justice and righteousness and deliver from the hand of the oppressor him who has been robbed. And do no wrong or violence to the resident alien the fatherless and the widow nor shed innocent blood in this place. -(Jeremiah 22:3)>"So I will come to put you on trial. I will be quick to testify against sorcerers adulterers and perjurers against those who defraud laborers of their wages who oppress the widows and the fatherless and deprive the foreigners among you of justice but do not fear me” says the Lord Almighty. -(Malachi 3:5)>“‘When you reap the harvest of your land do not reap to the very edges of your field or gather the gleanings of your harvest. Do not go over your vineyard a second time or pick up the grapes that have fallen. Leave them for the poor and the foreigner. I am the Lord your God. -(Leviticus 19:9-10)The early church following in Jesus' footsteps:“All the believers were one in heart and mind. No one claimed that any of their possessions was their own but they shared everything they had.” -(Acts 4:32)Jesus identifies himself with the hungry the poor the sick and the prisoners.https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew+25:31-46"You shall love your neighbour as yourself"  "And who is my neighbour?" "Anyone in need even people we might be expected to shun."https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Luke+10%3A25-37and of course my favorite:Come now you rich weep and howl for the miseries that are coming upon you. Your riches have rotted and your garments are moth-eaten. Your gold and silver have rusted and their rust will be evidence against you and will eat your flesh like fire. You have laid up for treasure for the last days. Behold the wages of the labourers who mowed your fields which you have kept back by fraud cry out; and the cries of the harvesters have reached the ears of the Lord of hosts. You have lived on the earth in luxury and in pleasure; you have fattened your hearts in a day of slaughter— (Jam. 5:1–6). [James the Just the brother of Jesus of Nazareth in the Epistle of James]Then again seeing all this happen yet again is kind of expected:>If you see the poor oppressed in a district and justice and rights denied do not be surprised at such things; -(Ecclesiastes 5:8)
 ,You're assuming the GOP has anything to do with Christianity. I think the only part they actually believe in is the part where Jesus will forgive them no matter how much damage they do or how many lives they ruin.
 ,From levictus:Your male and female slaves are to come from the nations around you; from them you may buy slaves. 45 You may also buy some of the temporary residents living among you and members of their clans born in your country and they will become your property. 46 You can bequeath them to your children as inherited property and can make them slaves for life but you must not rule over your fellow Israelites ruthlesslesly.Not disagreeing with the post but it's not like they would be any better if they followed the bible. We should not glorify the bible it contains quotes fitting every narrative.
 ,If Jesus was coming in the front door these people would be running out the back door. They know they're gonna have some explaining to do..
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Damn that's some old testament shit too. You figure they'd be all over it... /s
 ,And we all know how fond the GOP Evanganistas are of citing Leviticus when it suits them...Can we move beyond this hypocrisy already? Can the GOP get back to a place of fiscal responsibility and boring but not hateful conservative values? I mean if a bunch of y'all would say "Enough of this Trump circus crap already" we could probably find some fucking common ground somewhere- like Bernie did on his FOX town hall- and believe me I was not ready to jump on the Bernie Wagon or anything that even remotely sounded like it came from FOX. Facts fucking matter and memes need to die.
 ,If you actually look up these quotes they are not accurate. I'm all for the truth but spewing bullshit like this is why we keep looking like fools when someone actually looks up the truth.
 ,As a proper Christian Conservative who *actually reads the fucking bible* I can safely say that they are alt-right and not conservatives. Please don't associate me with retards.
 ,[removed]
 ,Yeah  that's great  except we need the Senate and the GOP outnumbers us.  Anybody who thinks the Repubs have any morals is a moron. A failed impeachment attempt will give the Repubs 2020 on a silver platter.
 ,Ooh they're so clever I can barely stand it
 ,If you want them to shit their khakis and soak their brownshirts with bitter tears just respond: “Orange fan mad!” after. They go apoplectic.
 ,Here is a video of a trump supporter harassing me because he didn’t like my trump punching bag.. he looks like this and keep screaming.. orange man bad lol https://youtu.be/6DyBO3S1V3Y
 ,Haha. Pathetic but true.
 ,I usually just say back to them "why football man so stand for flag song 😭😭😭"
 ,Has he responded?
 ,fuck  the  #alt right
 ,🍿 on the ready!
 ,[deleted]
 ,We don’t usually approve these but I’m going to approve this as there are a lot of unanswered questions about this redacted report. Please discuss here keeping rule 6 in mind. If this thread turns into a shitshow I’ll unapprove. Please feel free to report any trolls.Thanks.
 ,My understanding: Trump did not directly collude with Russia but he tried and he would not have said no to help and then he tried to cover it up. He’s at least guilty of obstruction of justice which is more than enough to impeach.
 ,Until Pelosi allows charges of inherent contempt I expect the DoJ to obstruct.
 ,And during hindu and jain rituals
 ,HD - https://youtu.be/JrusgyoVZds
 ,Literally fuck the alt right. Nice.
 ,Hear hear!
 ,Can’t stand this Nazi enabling woman
 ,[removed]
 ,But water isn’t wet a better comparison should be used tbh.
 ,Even more credence that the piss tape is real: Mueller report: "Tskhiladze said 'tapes' referred to compromising tapes of Trump rumored to be held by persons associated with the [host of 2013 Miss Universe pageant]"
 ,Wonder who has them. Not to mention all the tapes of The Apprentice. Can’t believe those have been sat on for the past 3 years
 ,No no no you’ve got this all wrong only the stuff the founding fathers said that fit a particular agenda should be listened to
 ,Think adams also called the Bible a steaming pile of dunghill.
 ,Lol... They said everything but that.
 ,Anyone with an ounce of common sense.
 ,Let's call it like it is uh unh. Greenwald is who he parties with.
 ,Reading comprehension is not the MAGAts strong point I’m afraid 🤣
 ,Of course not. We're talking about a group of people who voted for a guy who bragged about exploiting victims of 9/11 someone who talked about being able to possibly kill one of them an still have their vote.....the people who support a guy who became president of the united states of america and looked directly at an eclipse. lol
 ,Why read (which is super SUPER hard to do) when Fox News will tell them exactly what they need to know?
 ,Sadly those that continue to support Drumpf will continue to support him. his poll numbers won’t change a whole lot post report. My hope is that the public will start to pressure the house to take further action but I feel our only hope is in the 2020 election. We need to control the house and the senate to mitigate a second term Trump because Russia and their senatorial lackies will unduly influence our elections again in favor of the orange dipshit.
 ,You only need to improve poll numbers if you are running a legitimate election.
 ,I would also like to add what happened to the Republican subreddit? I went over there to see what the other side was saying about the Mueller report and all I could see were red hat posters. The GOP subreddit usually has some form of nuance (however minor) since not all of them were Trumpets but now? Did T_D perform a coup?
 ,Some of those that work forces are the same that burn crosses
 ,Remember when Social Justice Warriors used to kill these Free Speech Warriors? Ahh those were the days.
 ,I messaged them privately about this topic. They changed their justification to "we already have a thread about it" even though that thread is buried. Nothing weird about /r/news not having the top news story of the day in its top 10 links even though all other news subreddits do...and all major Western news organizations...They intentionally chose a thread they knew would be buried to stand as the one thread they'd allow then removed all other posts related to it.
 ,I read some of the comments in those threads and it's a rancid sewer of misinformation and personal attacks.  I honestly don't blame the mods for cleaning house.
 ,5:51 GMT happens when this comment is 11 hours and 45 minutes old.You can find the live countdown here: https://countle.com/7RdQDkIsp---I'm a bot if you want to send feedback please comment below or send a PM.
 ,Does anybody else wish they had been there to see the look on Trump's face at that moment?
 ,Why'd we have to wait so long if they were just going to dump an ink bottle over the damn thing?
 ,And yet with all those redactions it's still pretty damning. And it's been redacted by bury-the-scandals man himself.
 ,This is not a joke or photoshop. Jesus fucking Christ
 ,Dear god it's like reading an early SCP.
 ,this looks like an art piece. i want it framed on my wall
 ,I see nothing wrong with redactions. If Mueller can nail more people using sensitive information redactions are great.
 ,I honestly hope someone is able to leak the unredacted version. Fingers crossed.
 ,If they act like a Nazi look like a Nazi they’re a Nazi. They made their beds they can lie in them.
 ,Free speech allows you the legal right to pretty much say anything but that doesn’t mean it protects you from the social backlash!
 ,[deleted]
 ,fuck yeah man prison rape is hilarious and also fresh and original.
 ,*Relevant Rules Summary:***1. No trumpjugend or older (17+) reichskultists.****6. No alt-right enablement. Don’t like this post? Downvote and move on. We don’t need your meta commentary for the brigading edgelads to jerk off to. Comment on the message not the dumb meme format.****9. Don’t tell us what makes your peepee tingle. We don’t care.***Comments violating these rules will be removed and their submitters will probably be banned.*
 ,Because something something war against men umm... white genocide and sharia law?&#x200B;Did i get it?&#x200B;What do I win?
 ,How old and accomplished do you need to be before being considered a woman?
 ,One word: hate-boner
 ,*women
 ,My wife thinks it’s because they’re hot. Men are afraid of hot women they can’t fuck.
 ,Here's an experiment to try with your Fox news ingesting Republican friends.  Ask them to name their top 4 or 5 hated Democrats.  Don't say Democrat women -- just "Democrats".Sit back and listen.  Let it all roll out.  You're almost guaranteed to have a list of hated women Democrats when they're done.  Then ask them if they notice anything in common.Then ask them to name a male Democrat in the house (not Senate).  My friends were not able to even name one besides Bernie Sanders (and technically he's an independent so he really doesn't count).They're being force fed a diet of hate for women.  Fox is doing this daily and they're mostly not even aware what's going on.
 ,women ... not girl
 ,Because they see minorities making policies as a greater threat to their Fuhrer than the white dems
 ,They sure do know their base!
 ,How old do women have to be to not be referred to as 'girls'?
 ,*women
 ,Fair point
 ,Post to r/selfawarewolves
 ,Because they're bigots?
 ,Honestly it may be because shes amazing at taking them apart she cuts through their bullshit like a hot knife.
 ,I think at that age they are women.
 ,They complain about other Democrats too.
 ,Because they are racists. Make America white again
 ,Fear
 ,And don't forget the OG one they hate who is the representative of gay San Francisco.
 ,I mean to be fair they do but she's constantly tweeting about the right and more visibile because of her popularity.
 ,Because other ethnicities and cultures are threatening to them.
 ,They hate Elijah Cummings too
 ,Shared this to all my conservative lovebirds on facebook
 ,Because they aren't minorities lol
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Those two get the most press from everyone and it doesn’t make a whole lot of sense because they have very little support compared to more mainstream democrats.
 ,Maybe because party "leaders" like Pelosi can't help but take pot shots themselves every other day.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,I cant wait til I'm home from work so I can go to removeaddit and see what kind of clever responses were deleted
 ,[removed]
 ,Just about says everything we need to know he was scared why? was there something he didn’t want to come out I am not talking about collusion or obstruction but he was deathly afraid of certain information becoming public.
 ,Luckily for him he's being protected by the most corrupt federal legislature in American history
 ,Evil terrorists.
 ,Typical. The govt greenlights the racism and already there are people acting on their basest desires to hurt and harm the vulnerable people.Poles and Jews during the WW2 come to mind.
 ,have stickied this as this is a good day for the fight against the altright. Please feel free to help us tired old ~~farts~~ moderators by reporting any altrighters so they can be quickly dealt with and so the adults can enjoy a minor victory. Thank you.
 ,A candle at the end of the tunnel.
 ,🦀🦀🦀
 ,I like how even the table of contents has redacted material.
 ,>“Soon I will be ready to address the American people again… tell it all… and tell it myself!” Cohen wrote on Twitter on Thursday morning. The social media post came just hours before Barr is expected to release a redacted report of Robert Mueller’s findings.Cohen has turned into Trump's worst nightmare. Maybe one day all those people who have immunity deals with prosecutors will turn into Trump's worst nightmare as well.
 ,Thissssss pleases me.
 ,Good.
 ,Where he will be forced to become some neo-nazi's little bitch to avoid certain extinction by the bros.
 ,Fuck AFD and the fuck frank dievernich for pulling the old “free speech because democracy“ bullshitI feel bad for the students
 ,Ugh just disappear already you overstuffed sausage casing.
 ,Thernovich sure is one wascally wabbit.
 ,The article completely fails to acknowledge that the timing of this and the comment about cargo shorts is most likely a reference to this tweet and its surrounding controversy.https://mobile.twitter.com/stclairashley/status/1117495087049482245
 ,"modern gladiators" is that what they're calling terrorists now? I mean as long as they're white that is.
 ,...Modern gladiators?  Considering this idiot and his politics regrettably they won't be the kind of 'modern gladiators' I'd have liked :( as fun as the idea as these people fighting each other to the death might sound.
 ,Lol Trump should be put on a lie detector for a laugh.
 ,The amount of red paint this guy must go thru...
 ,Only in office for 800 days and he's lied over ten times that much.
 ,[removed]
 ,Good. I usually dislike Facebook but this pleases me 👍🏼
 ,I'd rather not listen to that #torpidwankpuppet
 ,When I start to feel guilty about cheering this guy’s slide into total dementia I remember that he’s an incest-pedo sex-predator traitor who has conned grifted and bilked millions of people.
 ,If you don’t have sound press the Imgur above.
 ,I actually feel sorry for him. Can't pronounce origins
 ,This is what we're up against  indoctrination at home then it spreads to the schools.
 ,Trumpworld.
 ,May their sins be remembered forever.
 ,Future GOP judicial picks.
 ,Hope no one in this picture plan on ever running for office
 ,Stupid kids.
 ,Wtf! What on earth are they thinking how is that funny why would they smile like that?
 ,[removed]
 ,Context?  WTF is going on here?
 ,Fucking idiots
 ,I love how when they finally realize that it was opposite of what they had initially thought they immediately try to explain how it’s actually a good and smart move. Just amazing.
 ,Originally from [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/be1ul3/trump_vetoes_bill_to_end_us_military_support_for/el2l9o1) in /r/politics credit to the absolute mad lad who ventured into that cesspit to retrieve such gold.
 ,Can we take a moment to notice that the OP for that thread is a gay conservative? Just why? That's about as idiotic as being a black conservative. Your base does NOT support you.
 ,“He voted to keep the war going? It must be in order to end the war sooner.” - A very stable genius
 ,Remember when Trump said he would interfere less in world politics?
 ,This is what we get when politically illiterate people are suddenly interested in politics because of their cult leader.
 ,Douches
 ,That’s some Olympic level mental gymnastics
 ,“This just in trump supporters are fucking stupid”
 ,This is both a great example of not just their hypocrisy but also their lack of comprehension skills.
 ,I wonder why Trump has such a strange favoritism for countries where he has business dealings. Weird.
 ,They really are mindless sheep.
 ,Lol big dumb assholes
 ,Zero independent thought.Democrats = BadTrump = Good
 ,Not at all surprised.
 ,A real glimpse into the minds of the stable geniuses who are the only Americans capable of thinking for themselves (unlike us sheeple).  Impressive. Truly impressive .
 ,"Those are my principles and if you don't like them... well I have others."
 ,Behold the "facts don't care about your feelings" crowd. Holy fucking mental parkour Batman.
 ,Vetoeing to end the war faster? Hes literally said that its because of corporate interests. Lmao this is the 4D chess bs all over again.
 ,u/ih8soyboyz is currently in the emergency room being treated for a severe case of whiplash
 ,Jesus u/Ih8soyboyz you’re a fucking retard
 ,Guy pulled a 180 so fast he probably hurt his neck.
 ,WTF I love war now?
 ,Our entire species is so fucked.
 ,The Donald putting the Jerk back into Knee- Jerk politics
 ,Lol this guy is too much. Dipshit.
 ,Oh shit I think he deleted his account
 ,God these people are such shills. And they call us shills lmao.
 ,*Beautiful*
 ,I love watching cognitive dissonance in action
 ,Cult.
 ,I'm surprised the cognitive dissonance didn't cause [this to happen.](https://giphy.com/gifs/history-head-exploding-oaPcDncoLfgjK)
 ,Proof that they will excuse anything he does.
 ,They really do act like a cult. Puppets that's strings got pulled to far..
 ,Some serious cognitive dissonance there. But that’s what happens when you’re a lemming who gets your opinions straight from Russian troll-farm operatives and dumbasses on YouTube and never once stop to question the internal logic of and consistency between the various propaganda points you parrot.
 ,fare thee the fuck well.
 ,What was it about? I can't discern anything meaningful from that subreddit name.
 ,Honestly surprised he has any following. His videos are unwatchable.Why "crab crab crab" though?
 ,Endless whack-a-mole.
 ,Good. This is great news
 ,Thank fuck! Fuck that guy and that stupid sub!
 ,Carl of Swindon you guys mean?
 ,well when you actively admit to not moderating a group full of hate speech that tends to happen
 ,Oh no not Carl of Swindon!
 ,Jolly Good.
 ,Carl of Swindon the centrist moderate UKIP member loved by neo-nazis and the EDL...
 ,Good.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,What alt-right views does he hold?
 ,Even the innocuous comments are nauseating coming from that pack of fuckwitted jackals. Can’t wait for their end when they scurry back to the stinky shadows and cower in fear that their deplorable pasts will be revealed like their shitty ideological forbears.
 ,Wow I wish I had a way to share that video without liking to such a garbage subreddit. Anybody got a link that isn't the_dumpster?
 ,Term limits this is just unbelievable.
 ,Ahh the old treason turtle. Never disappoints.
 ,The politics in USA is just weirdly lopsided.GOP is so distanced from regular politics that they can lie and cheat as much as they want is not unusual but the fact that they can boast about it publicly without losing any support is surreal. Their voters just don't care.Meanwhile Democrats are a more "normal" party and if they even think of doing something shady there's a migration away from the party. ...Except that the migration always helps Republicans who should by that logic be considered an even worse option so that's counter-productive.
 ,Trollocracy.
 ,FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT
 ,To be fair we should use a per capita statstic but even in that the us is quite far up
 ,[removed]
 ,I mean that is kind of ableist.
 ,Is this the first Mexican person she’s ever met...?What an actual twat.
 ,what an ignorant piece of shit.  this woman deserves to get the shit beat out of her.
 ,Bitch. I hope all of her kids marry brown folks and that she spends her life regretting the moment we just saw.
 ,He should have started telling her a bunch of stereotypes about whites even if he has to make things up just to piss her off.(I’m white).
 ,Trump's America Faux Nooz America.  They didn't create it.  But they are making it greater by reinforcing their thoughts and behavior.
 ,What a condescending piece of shit this lady is. Trump and right wing media have absolutely reinforced this type of behavior. I bet it was all that guy could do to keep from clocking that bitch. Karma is a bitch and someday it will catch up with her. It may not be tomorrow but it will. My guess is she will die alone unloved and unwanted.
 ,Source?
 ,She reeks of r/BeholdTheMasterRace
 ,Wish they would have treated this fat bitch like they treated that Nazi in Seattle.Bitch looks like she is on disability sponging of a check.So much for the master race.
 ,I'm sorry that my country sucks. We still sell golliwogs here. It's so embarrassing.
 ,Perhaps we should address people on an individual basis rather than succumbing to tribalism with labels such as "alt-right" and "neo-nazi." Neither of these terms is particularly informative.
 ,If they act like a Nazi I'll call them such however if they don't I won't.To me a Nazi is a person (or persons) who believes in the superiority of one specific race of humans over all others.That to me is the fundamental part of being a Nazi I'm a UK military vet and I  have many right wing friends but almost none of them believe in racial superiority (at least not openly). Many are racist (openly or subconsciously) but that doesn't automatically mean Nazi. They fear or even hate particular races but again that doesn't necessarily mean they believe they are superior. More often however they hate particular groups that cross racial boundaries such as liberals muslims immigrants etc etc.Oh and btw by US standards I'm pretty left wing by my own UK standards I'm 'centre left'. I believe in cradle to grave welfare single payer healthcare (nationalised) and I'm pro-immigration.
 ,Expect you are calling a large group of people neo nazis when a load of those people aren't you calling them nazis shows a lack of understanding of the other side and a naivety in you. Also attempting to pressure other's into calling another large group of individuals under one negative name is a pretty fascistic move.Should say I'm a very liberal dude myself and hate much of what I see on the right but it's important to see both sides for what they are and not demonise other individuals.
 ,I’ve said before just what the hell is neo about these Nazis?
 ,For those of you who argue that alt-right  isn't the same as neo-nazi.Richard Bertrand Spencer (born May 11 1978) is an American neo-Nazi and white supremacist. Spencer created the term "alt-right" which he considers a movement based on "white identity".https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_B._SpencerI implore you do not fall into their trap. Do not give them what they want. They are neo-nazis and their goal is to use terms like alt-right to muddy the waters get the support of right-wingers who would otherwise reject avowed neo-nazis and to be defended by liberals like yourselves.
 ,What is your definition of the alt right and a neo nazi?If you are referring neo nazis as the ~30 meth-mouthed rednecks from the trailer park that protest with nazi flags on capital steps who comprise a teeny tiny fraction of a percentage of our population while the vast majority of of citizens comprising of multitudes of white black brown left right republican democrat etc. scorn and mock said neo nazis then I would say you are accurate.If you refer to the alt right as Milo Yiannopolous and his following of online trolls who parrot provocative talking points and a few young male meatheads who think they need "to fight the antifas" and do the same petty shit the far left idiots do at protests then I would say you are also accurate.The range of ideologies above alt right to neo nazis ranges from immaturity to ignorant hatred founded on literally being a brain dead degenerate. Neither of those groups represent any type of majority in the US and both have so little financial and political power that blaming all of our problems on them and labelling all of your opponents as part of their ranks is just as ignorant as waving the nazi flags those trailer trash carry.Frankly its become exhausting.
 ,Did you vote for Hillary Clinton to stop them?
 ,Exactly it’s the same kind of people just a different thing they’ve chosen to call themselves.
 ,They prefer "Republicans" - but you are correct - they are Nazis.
 ,I actually call them Alt-Right Nazis. I kinda see neo-nazis as the gangs of thugs like "Aryan Nation" I see the Nazis as Hitler Germany. Alt-Right Nazi are softer and more bitchy whose feelings are easily crushed but probably more dangerous because they hide and operate under the cloak of angry among fearful conservatives who are terrified of brown people.
 ,You know this is how we get polarized. Instead of treating these people as individuals and actually talking and debating with them you just slap on a strawman-esque label so that you don’t even have to address them.
 ,i think the main problem is differentiating people on the right vs actual neo nazis/alt right
 ,Alt-right is just same-old-right as far as I'm concerned.
 ,I just call them all inbred sister-fucking nazis. No ambiguity there.
 ,Agreed.  Seriously sick of all the legitimizing rhetoric that the media crams down our throats.  "Alt Right" instead of Nazi "white nationalist" rather than white supremacist calling Donald Trump "the US" in international coverage like we're a fucking monarchy.People who put their names to that kind of crap are not journalists - I don't care who they are or what their history is.  They can't even be bothered to maintain basic contact with reality when *mildly criticizing* lawless fascist pigs and just passively accept the rhetorical framing of totalitarian maniacs.
 ,Stop calling anyone on the right a nazi. It's inaccurate literally more than 99% of the time. Just because someone holds views you disagree with or even because someone holds views you see as racist DOES NOT MAKE THEM A NAZI and insisting otherwise is a disgrace to what actually happened during WWII as well as being regressive to the very goals you are trying to achieve. Think for yourself.
 ,[removed]
 ,https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alt-right>In 2010 the American white nationalist Richard B. Spencer launched The Alternative Right webzine to disseminate his ideas. Spencer's "alternative right" was influenced by earlier forms of American white nationalism as well as paleoconservatism the Dark Enlightenment and the Nouvelle Droite. His term was shortened to "alt-right" and popularised by far-right participants of /pol/ the politics board of web forum 4chan.>In 2015 it attracted broader public attention particularly through Steve Bannon's Breitbart News—which Bannon described as "the platform for the alt-right"[5]—due to alt-rightist support for Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign.You won't get people to listen very long if you call every person who voted for Trump a neo-nazi so alt-right became the most palatable term. The truth of course is that a huge portion of his base are at best white nationalists and more likely straight up white supremacists
 ,“ Don’t tell the President “ again that about says it all I truly believe he welcomes the interference.
 ,A big part of it is that Russia is bankrolling far-right extremist groups across the world.
 ,People are struggling to find their identity in today's world coupled with extreme tribalism. White nationalism is right there to fill that void.
 ,Natural human behavior
 ,It's rising because of exploding inequality and because mainstream liberals have offered nothing in terms of curbing the inequality while the right offers hate and discrimination as a purported solution.Basically mainstream liberals and the invisible backers of right wing extremism both have as their common goal to protect their gains against redistribution.As long as liberals don't present a real solution to inequality right wing extremism will continue to grow and eventually make an end to liberal democracy.Unfortunately I think it's as with climate change liberals will keep believing they can have their cake and eat it until they either join the bigots or are locked up in camps.
 ,We all know what this ACTUALLY is though...this is just the rise of Nazism minus a WorldWar.This has nothing to do with immigration. If it wasn't Immigration it would be interracial relationships. There's always something bothering these "people". They're unable to live happily. It's like a genetic predisposition to anxiety.First they expell the Muslims. Then it's anyone who isn't white. It's always the same garbage. We agree for free speech and nationalism but to these cretins Western Culture = Whiteness. Plain and simple. People keep throwing around stats as if it explains people throwing up new modernized Nazi symbols and Roman salutes. This fear of white genocide is an irrational fallacy based on absolutely nothing. It's just bored white crazies who literally have nothing better to do. If they get their "EthnostateLOL" they'll just resume their imperialistic invasions of other places. They'll just go and Chase after the very people they kicked out long after they've left. What is it about this portion of white people that allows for so much mental decay ? This is cancer incarnate. The crazy shit is that his is world wide. People who have nothing to do trying to find meaning by greifing others.Granted mass immigration is a terrible idea. Even for humanitarian purposes placing millions on top of millions is never a good given human nature.
 ,It's mainly because of whites in many historically white/European countries are decreasing at a rapid rate due to low birth rate and high immigration. This is evident as between 2010 and 2016 the non-muslim population of Europe actually decreased by 1.67m whilst the Muslim population increased by 2.92m. Also studies show that if liberal immigration policies continue countries such as Sweden will be 1/3 Muslim by 2050. These people have the right in my opinion to vote for parties that promise to stop this phenomenon or at least decrease it and if these trends continue don't be shocked that more and more people will become more right-wing.[https://www.pewforum.org/2017/11/29/europes-growing-muslim-population/](https://www.pewforum.org/2017/11/29/europes-growing-muslim-population/)
 ,If the House sits around thinking about what they want to do with Trump instead of making changes for our country and forcing the Senate vote on these changes will show the American people that the Republicans just don’t care about anything but Trump. The Senate must start making moves and request to show they are serious.
 ,I'll take a stab at it.  He's a liar.
 ,“My father served in WW2 I can say whatever I want.” - Sean Hannity.What a fucking douchebag
 ,you to forget he's a professional bullshit artist.
 ,I thought I was the only one that remembered this!!! Still waiting!
 ,Hannity is the mainstream version of Alex Jones.
 ,Yeah I remember that! How time flies eh?
 ,For us to forget.
 ,Pussy
 ,he probably paid an intern to try it and found out it really is torture
 ,To grow a set of balls
 ,He's probably waiting for Benjamin Ghazi to testify against President HRC. He'll celebrate by getting waterboarded after her impeachment trial &#x200B;/s /s /s
 ,Not Soon enough !
 ,Does anybody else’s remember when Christopher Hitchen’s was actually waterboarded back in the Bush presidency for the exact opposite reason?
 ,She is too soft unfortunately. Trump is not a legitimate president and if we do not do something right now. they (Trump /Republicans/Russia) will attack us again. Fight back!
 ,The way Omar has been smeared is disgusting. I will openky say I hate anyone who would acxuse others have having a loyalyty to a foriegn nation just bevause of somethijg like religion.
 ,This guy again? Fuck Matt Shea.
 ,The predictable outcome of spending 20+ years of courting the lunatic fringe
 ,Any chance of arrest of these people?
 ,He’s right - Nixon was a crook but he didn’t sell us out to the Russians
 ,The difference is that in Nixon era Republicans cared about the US the Constitution and at least some legal ramifications. In 2019 the Republicans are traitors to the US and the Constitution and are actively helping Trump violate everything that a President of the United States should stand for.
 ,This whole thing confuses me. The Mueller report is either nothing or it's Watergate depending on which side you're listening to.
 ,We need to find a More Liberal Left Winger to orate these charges!(CA. Left Wing Democrat is not enough)
 ,I'm sure Barr sent the full report directly to Trump. They have no issues lying about pretty much any subject.
 ,Republicans don’t want to see it just ignore it and it will go away look congress just lay the evidence out ( Mueller all but gave it to you ) impeach him for obstruction but don’t remove him from office even if you foreword to AG he will drag his feet but the Narcissistic Trump will  now know he was beaten the fence sitters will know what kind of man and President he really is.
 ,The dude's a felon in possession of weapons and ammunition and was charged as such. This guy wasn't interested in enforcing the law. If he was he wouldn't have had weapons and wouldn't have been a vigilante. This guy and by extension his group were just plain racists with guns pure and simple.
 ,theyre just going to join ICE formally and keep this shit up. Its what the KKK did. they put members in the police and govt to maintain their vigilante activity.
 ,[removed]
 ,This is an incredibly bad precedent they're trying to set.
 ,What ever happened to the "Better Dead than Red" of yesteryear?  Have the Republicans become "Commies"?
 ,Everything is wrong with Giuliani's moral system.
 ,It's hard to reconcile that this is the same person who took down Gotti and the mob and lead NY in through it's darkest time. What a sad caricature of the person he once was. It boggles my mind that so many people who once had sterling reputations would willingly destroy their integrity beyond any possible rehab for Donald Trump of all people. The sheer human wreckage of his admin is just simply astounding
 ,“*These are radical islamic terrorists and she [Hillary] won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term ‘radical Islamic terrorism*’” trump said during the Oct. 9 debateHey trump; Can you say **Radical Right-Wing Terrorists**?
 ,These guys are terrorists.
 ,I thought the Old Man from Pawn Stars passed away?
 ,He’s the spitting image of Trump!
 ,Should arrest his entire posse.
 ,Jesus christ as someone who's descended from Cuban Immigrants good fucking riddance. We need less white supremacist xenophobes feeling they should do a better job at "policing" minorities who just want to become Americans & get a better life by murdering them. there's a bit of corruption in border patrol as is[especially under trump] but these guys don't make shit any better.hope the rest of his thugs are arrested and fucking get their asses kicked in prison too.
 ,Impeachment is a political process designed to remove an elected official who refuses to uphold their oath of office. Even if every single line of the Mueller report were false impeachment should have been on the table 12 months ago.
 ,Except for those pesky traitors to the US and the Constitution who I like to refer to as Republicans. Staying in power is their only goal.
 ,What worries me is that now Nancy is talking like “ohhh let’s focus on 2020. Impeachment is soooo distracting.”Democratic pussies. We can do this AND win the election AND bury this asshole in the mountain of shame he deserves. He deserves the legacy of “The Idiotic Cowardly President” that he so fears.
 ,History and the ConstitutionDEMANDS impeachment.
 ,How did I know that despite what the Muller report stated this page would still yell “IMPEACH?”
 ,The issue is even if we impeach him he still has left a scar on america and he made sure that his replacement is more shitty than he is. Impeachment will do nothing unless we fundamentally change the system that brought him to power in the first place.
 ,Hahaha you must be delusional.
 ,While certainly he’s unfit for office and should be removed. However if the republicans don’t get on board it will be a waste. The senate must vote to convict. They won’t at this point. Focusing on legislation investigation and being a meaningful check on the executive branch will achieve more.
 ,He was impeached before he was elected
 ,“I’m not weak and scared. You’re weak and scared.”
 ,I think the issue is his inferiority complex. Since he got where he is because of his father's money he's been forever trying to prove he's a superior businessman (which he isn't). Being president has been way over his head (like baby Bush) but since he's so paranoid he didn't let the people he appointed run the government (like baby Bush did). So the US is essentially the Titanic heading for an iceberg.
 ,There is nothing more obvious than this moment (the release of the report) being the reason Barr was appointed AG. Cunts. All of them.
 ,I hope that republicans are starting to see how mentally ill trump is. He's not only unqualified but he's almost psychotic.Republicans need to wake up to the fact that they are enabling trumps mental illness by still supporting him.  They would do trump a favor by starting impeachment which will make trump resign.   https://trofire.com/2019/04/14/signs-of-trumps-dementia-are-clear-as-day-psychologist-warns/Republicans are COWARDS - If trump was a democrat republicans would have already impeached him…
 ,I believe all opposed to the corruption crimes and indecency of this administration should now on refer to him only as Cowardly President Trump. Just as he used Crooked to taint the reputation of Clinton the use of Cowardly has the added benefit of being true.
 ,If he really does have dementia/Alzheimer then we should try to address the issue but how does that make him weak and afraid? If one of my grandparents had health issues I certainly wouldn't draw the conclusion your title have.
 ,You guys sure are salty lol
 ,That’s not what the article says - he says he wants the process to play itself out but it’s too early to begin impeachment immediately - which it is.
 ,Tim Ryan is just another weak-kneed Liberal who knows he cannot beat Trump's 'Gaslighting' style of messaging. Tim Ryan cannot compete against Trump's control of the narrative so he advocates giving up.
 ,Is this the human trafficking Trump was on about?
 ,Maybe he should have them arrested for false imprisonment and violation of civil rights?
 ,You mean stop kidnapping.
 ,Think they'll try to make it a 2A "well-regulated militia" argument for why they should be allowed to continue kidnapping people?
 ,History and the ConstitutionDEMANDS impeachment.
 ,Deflection...from 1975.  They are both treasonous actions by the same party. Meanwhile Democrats got a blowjob.
 ,Except nothings gonna happen to trump bc republicans are immoral bastards that don't care about the law and justice so long as the unfairness works in their favor. Turn it around and boom suddenly everything is a grevious affront to Christian values and the Greatness of This Great Nation
 ,He won't be President forever regardless of what he wants.  At some point he'll be indicted for the money laundering obstruction and treason he's committed and there's no pardon that can save him.
 ,Guys.... let it go...
 ,Here we goooo
 ,Damn right - let’s get this going enough of the charades
 ,New York "High Society" has known for years as has anyone who pays any attention to these things that Trump is a poor excuse for a human being. It's why they didn't want to have anything to do with him.
 ,Is it technically speaking still considered an "accusation" if what you’re doing is pointing out the obvious truth?
 ,The report will be delivered to congress today according to the article. What devilry are we supposed to expect in the meantime?
 ,Accuses.But doesn’t get up to do anything substantial about it.Whats an accusation to the 40% of the country who won’t even believe substantial evidecence?
 ,Nadler is right.Barr's press conference today was an absolute disgrace.
 ,There is just no reason for the question. It adds nothing it only makes your count inaccurate. It doesn't matter if people are citizens. The Constitution makes zero distinction about citizenship. Counting non-citizens doesn't allow non-citizens to vote. Non-citizens still need protection under the law. "Foreign born" is not an issue unless someone is running for President.
 ,First off I find it... odd youre acting like emating the 3/5 compromise was a good thing?
 ,So that whole "3/5 compromise" thing? It turns out that in the 21st century a lot of citizens don't like the idea of counting African-Americans as only three-fifths of a person.
 ,This [link](https://www.loc.gov/law/help/citizenship/fourteenth_amendment_citizenship.php) provides some background about why the question of citizenship is so acrimonious.  The underlying political fear is that decisions based on the census information will only count the citizen population.  If that were true ***and it would be to the extent the portion of the government that adheres to a 'citizens-only' stance is able to control*** then areas with significant populations of aliens or non-citizens if you prefer would get the short end of the stick on those decisions.  The long list of related decisions fall into (my op) two main categories; reapportionment and distribution/allocation of financial resources.  Most importantly the reapportionment process could continue to be prejudiced toward conservative leaning areas.  Let me digress for a moment.  The framers of the Constitution deliberately left the question of who could vote to the several States.  The consequences of that are rather large see the previous link.  Reapportionment was mostly left to the states but two important pieces were specified; that slaves counted as 3/5 of a person in the Census and that representation in the House was calculated on the basis of the Census. Nothing about gender or age or pretty much any other demographic including if you could vote only the condition of servitude.   To me it's obvious the framers wanted to have the best number of all people to accurately reapportion even if a substantial component of that population *could not  / was not allowed* to *vote.*  There are some comments that claim it (the citizenship question) makes the count inaccurate.  Such claims are partly false. First the Census Bureau is required to attempt to count *everyone.* Only afterward are the results tabulated and binned and it's these tabulations that get used to make decisions.  Thus if you don't have a citizenship question then the reasoning is you can't make decisions based on citizenship data.  The reality is you can always make decisions with or without data.  Just look at our current Administration. The claims are also partly true. The problem comes in that having such questions means a different rate of response.  Some non-citizens may just on the basis of that question choose not to respond to the Census questionnaire.  (Why is a separate topic but relevant.)  There is always a certain non-respondent percentage and inclusion of a citizenship question will increase this percentage. That will mean the raw count data is inaccurate because that segment is undercounted so statistical estimations have to be used.  Those estimations have built-in bias.  Again decisions will occur.  Ok. Enough. Sorry about the text blocks but does that help?
 ,The only reason not to is because it is laughable to think a non-citizen would admit to not being a citizen. In the meantime it's just another red herring for the masses to get stirred up over.
 ,...Gonna need the mother of all TLDR;s here.
 ,Too hard to spell Mueller correctly?
 ,Title should say Full redacted Muller report
 ,TLDR:1. Trump and his campaign collaborated with Russia during Russia's meddling in the 2016 American Presidential election.2. Trump lied about his dealings with Russia during the election.3. Trump committed numerous instances of obstruction of justice to cover 1 and 2.
 ,[removed]
 ,Ha! Screw you Democrat’s! Trump2020
 ,He might do a better job than Barr who still released a report that clearly shows Trump broke the law.
 ,Reposted with a better title and link. Which I hope will stop the flags for editorializing.
 ,In my opinion I believe everyone except for extreme out a wack radicals believe that there is climate change. The difference is from the the action that is taken on both sides. Democrats want to preserve the earth at the temp is it right now so the world for animals and humans can enjoy it. Republicans however realize the sad truth: climate change is inevitable. You are never going to stop cows from farting and it’s going to take God to come down to Earth to fully stop carbon emissions and even these new renewable energies have their problems. Solar energy actually still creates carbon and wind power kills many flying animals. Wake up America. Climate change is inevitable. What we should be focusing on is how to preserve animal and human life so it will be able to adapt to climate change.
 ,[removed]
 ,So much secrecy for a party that claims to desire small government.
 ,He’s making Putin proud.
 ,Am I completely off-base or does that seem like it should be impeachment material?I mean that's pretty serious.
 ,Lawless af
 ,The Russpublican regime been in *open* insurrection against the Constitution since day one and yet the media keeps calling it an "administration."One wonders if they call the North Korean regime the "Kim Jong Un administration."
 ,This is what pisses me off the most: they're outright disregard for the rule of law and Dems aren't fighting hard enough to hold them accountable. I understand they can only do so much but they need to be going to the Nth degree to subpoena documents while getting it out to all the media (with the voracity conservatives always do) that Republicans and Trump are trying to circumnavigate the law to protect themselves.I keep holding hope that they'll be held accountable one day but each day that hope wanes a bit.
 ,Wanna be dictator ass
 ,Public president wants to continue being a private citizen.
 ,It’s a dictatorship
 ,**V O T E**  Anyone but trump    Seriously I often wonder if republicans would be happier living under a cutthroat KGB butcher dictator like Russia’s Putin…
 ,Totally cool totally legal...
 ,Seriously. WHAT. THE. FUCK. How has the democratic party become so mismanaged to be led by such blind cowards?
 ,This kind of cowardice is why people rightly view the Democratic Party as weak. Guess what? In this county people despise cowards. Congress has a moral and constitutional duty and poll numbers be damned! History is watching and Hoyer just secured his place right next to Neville Chamberlain
 ,Aaaaaand trump forgave corporate bank fines that are due to the US...Quid pro quo for not following the subpoenas I wonder
 ,Ah *finally* the deep-sea fishing expeditions can begin.
 ,Therein lies the real problem.  If you do that then you give up the opportunity to vote for a candidate in the democratic primary.
 ,Another consideration is whether or not you care if Dems win in 2020. Bill Weld John Kasich or most any non-Trump GOP candidate has a better chance of beating a generic Democrat than Trump. The best chance of a DNC sweep in 2020 is running AGAINST Trump but that leaves open the chance that he'll be re-elected.
 ,I don't think that would really hurt Trump. I think if that's your goal vote in the democratic primary for who you think has the best shot at beating Trump. This may or may not be the same as who you would most want as president.
 ,I think this is a great idea... give the republicans a taste of their own noxious medicine.trump won simply because of voter suppression: http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/10/voter-suppression-wisconsin-election-2016/**V O T E**  Anyone but trump    Seriously I often wonder if republicans would be happier living under a cutthroat KGB butcher dictator like Russia’s Putin…
 ,Because even with a bunch of people doing that Trump will be getting the nomination. He is still supported by ~89% of Republicans. Even if that pool has become smaller (it has) the amount of people needed to take him out is near impossible to get. I am happy that someone is choosing to primary Trump and getting him to waste campaign contributions but I see little chance of him having an effect. Better to focus on picking a candidate that can beat him. You would think it would be a cinch but then again the 2016 election should also have been a cinch.
 ,I switched from independent to vote against an incumbent democratic governor. He still won.
 ,Trump is going to win the nomination no matter how unpopular it's better to use your vote for the candidate you want
 ,It's kind of like having more than one account on Reddit and then using them to inflate up/down votes. It is considered cheating by most people a dirty trick to convince others that your opinion is liked or other opinions are not liked by other Redditors.We all read Amazon reviews to better understand the quality of a product. And we all know fake reviews are among the things we read and we try to sort those out as invalid information. No one likes to be conned or duped or manipulated.But dirty tricksters are also widely accepted by the very same people who hate it when the tricks are used against themselves.So it's a matter of what you think is appropriate behavior.
 ,No one is talking about the fact that you have down ballot elections! In my state there is going to be several local offices to vote for not primary not run off but actual elections that count that day. You can’t vote Bill Weld (R) and down ballot (D). Your ballot will be tossed out.
 ,Oy. The heartbreaking reality is that you're not wrong. &#x200B;Unless that is [you live in Maine](https://www.sightline.org/2018/06/15/the-voting-system-democrats-and-republicans-are-afraid-of/) and Maine extends its upgraded voting system to the primaries. &#x200B;If other states adopted ranked-choice voting having a field of several qualified and interesting candidates would actually be a good thing! Imagine!
 ,So what is the best strategy for a liberal living in an absolutely solid red state? Any benefit voting in the Republican primary?
 ,If I weren't a Democratic PC and thus legally required to be a registered Dem I'd do just this. And not just because of Trump with only one exception all the politicians who represent me at the state and federal level are whackadoo conservatives of one stripe or another.&#x200B;It'd be great if we could do this on a large organized scale.
 ,I think Bill Weld is the only Republican I ever voted for. Of course that was when he ran for governor of Massachusetts against John “when you’ve had a long life and you’re ripe then it’s time to go” Silber.If you don’t have any strong feelings about which Democrat should win the nomination sure take a Republican ballot and vote for Weld. The odds of him *winning* the Republican nomination are close to zero but I wouldn’t mind seeing him get a good fraction of the primary vote.Dictators and wannabe-dictators love to project images of strength. They don’t just want to be seen as the guys who got 51% of the vote because they don’t anyone to contemplate a way to turn that 51% into 49%. That’s why just before the Iraq invasion Saddam Hussein was “re-elected” with 100% of the vote. That’s why back in they heyday of the Chicago Democratic machine Mayor Daley would do absolutely everything in his power to run up the score for machine candidates even when the opposition had no hope of winning. And that’s why Trump obsesses over silly things like the size of his inauguration crowd.
 ,Because victory over rightness is how we got into the current state; not how we get out of it.
 ,If he succeeds and is more popular than the democratic  candidate in the general...
 ,Because he might be a stronger candidate than Trump?
 ,I did this once to vote for McCain over W.  I was in republican mailing lists for years.  It’s not worth the pain.
 ,This is why you should be able to vote in both primaries. They are technically two entirely different elections.
 ,Because Bill Weld isn't going to win and you should vote for whom you want the democratic nominee to be?
 ,the sad fact of the matter is that when the economy is good the incumbent almost always wins. all we can do is vote and get it over with. unfortunately we will almost definitely see a trump 2020 victory because he hasn't done much legislatively that would turn republicans off or stir up non voters. morally he is a disgrace but nobody seems to care about that. this is all just an annoying TV show to most americans
 ,The way for the Democrats to win is to come up with a better economic plan that will actually help the productive overworked and squeezed middle class. This has been a problem for the past decade as I have heard very little from the Democrats that would convince me that they are going to fight some meaningful battles for me. Trump has actually been an improvement in that regard which is why his personal shenanigans and controversies are not going to matter in the election. Much like with Bill Clinton... he may have been an inveterate womanizer but the country prospered under his leadership.
 ,Because as a card-carrying liberal Trump is the president you really want.
 ,Trump has a pay to play scheme going on.
 ,Which is fantastic if you own stock etc. It's not great for the rest of us.
 ,And that accelerated growth will kick in any minute now!...
 ,This would be a good time to start a business.......
 ,We all got our huge pay raises since they didn't have to pay taxes right? /s
 ,Shocker! /s
 ,I'm 20 years old. I made about 17000$ in taxed income and also worked doing a lot of side jobs all of which were filed under a 1099 because I try to be a decent human being. I made 3600$ in these businesses. I had to pay 222$ dollars altogether after filing state and federal.
 ,Did someone say Andrew Yang?
 ,This is great as [half to three quarters](https://www.google.com/search?q=corporate+tax+incidence+falls+on+workers&rlz=1C1GCEA_enUS765US765&oq=corporate+tax+incidence+falls+on+workers&aqs=chrome..69i57.4742j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8) of the burden of corporate income taxes falls on workers.&#x200B;Just because a company pays a tax doesn't mean they are the people ultimately impacted. The employer portion of FICA is the most obvious example here - it makes no difference who actually writes the check (firm or worker) since the cost to the firm and the benefit to the worker is the same either way.
 ,This really isn't a bad thing though...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1E4sQzEcR8
 ,They are the ones who wrote the laws. What a stupid bitch.
 ,More projection from the least intellectual and professional executive office in 150 years.
 ,She was just being a common bitch.
 ,Says that our current Congresspeople (and we all know which side of the aisle she's referring to) aren't smart enough to look at tax pages. Never mind that many of our senators were previously constitutional scholars accountants lawyers etc. and in many cases helped write the tax code in the first place.&#x200B;Literally lies for a living for a man baby who speaks and writes at a third grade level believes that you have to present ID to purchase cereal and that windmills cause cancer.Okey-dokey.
 ,I'm going to go out on a limb here and surmise she's referring to the Democratic Party majority in the House.
 ,are you implying she was saying women specifically are too dumb?
 ,Wow. Just wow. We’re gonna get this upset over a simple set of words that you’re reading way too far into. Saying “congressmen and women” means that the “congress” is inflected upon the “women” as well because of the “and”. Why does this matter so much?
 ,Here’s a taste of Donald Trump’s other illegal activities (from 2016):* Donald Trump has a long history of not honoring contracts with construction companies* Donald Trump has knowingly and intentionally defrauded Trump University students fleecing them out of thousands of dollars* He may have illegally coordinated with his SuperPac* He illegally used corporate resources to pay an employee to write a political speech* He violated federal law by claiming proceeds from various Trump products would go to charity although there is no evidence that Trump ever donated the money to charity* He violated IRS rules by using $12000 from his charity organization to purchase a Tim Tebow helmet* He violated election laws by emailing foreign officials to solicit political contributions* He violated federal laws by offering Ben Carson a job in exchange for his endorsement* His employees violated a U.S. trade embargo by pursuing commercial activities in Cuba when it was illegal to do so* He’s run afoul of election laws by using campaign contributions to pay $6 million to his own businesses* He violated Wisconsin election laws by talking with voters as they stood in line to vote* He violated New York state education laws for operating a for-profit investment school without the required license* His foreign policy proposals would violate NATO* He’s violated copyright law for using copyrighted images without permission* Many of the proposals he has vowed to pursue as President violate the First Fourth Fifth and Eighth Amendments of the Constitution* Trump broke New York state law by lobbying to prevent an Indian casino from opening in the Catskills* His vow to use torture on suspected terrorists would violate the Geneva conventions. He would be committing war crimes.* He broke anti-discrimination laws to keep a mob boss gambling at one of his casinos* He violated immigration laws by misrepresenting his company on work-visa applications
 ,... surprizing no one.
 ,The guy that says things that will make him look good and never does them said something that made him look good then never did it? How out of character...
 ,Donald Trump never keeps his promises unless they benefit him.If only his supporters realized that.
 ,He made it to the 7/11 fund. That’s not right???
 ,I’m sure in Trump’s mind Omar was one of the thousands of Muslims celebrating on rooftops.
 ,Too bad his cult will never care. They think:- he means well- all politicians are bad - just give him a chance40% of this country is mentally challenged and cannot comprehend reality.
 ,Donald Trump not following through on a promised charitable donation? Surely you jest.
 ,Also took federal monies to the tune ok $150k supposed to be for small business.
 ,I thought that was obvious when they labeled their military as a terrorist organization.
 ,I mean it’s been pretty obvious they have been considering this since Bolton took office.
 ,And it would merely be the *second* unelected GOP tyrant starting a war that bankrupts the country and destabilizes the world this century.Why do we tolerate the existence of this criminal organization / hate group / brazen terrorist conspiracy masquerading as a political party?  These people are all psychopaths and cowardly heel-clicking goosesteppers who find it comforting to follow psychopaths.  Every single one of them.
 ,Hooray 😑 /s
 ,I wonder if there’s an election looming in the future?  /s
 ,I am skeptical. They can't lay the legal groundwork for anything.Don't trust that John Bolton guy though! He's a neo-con scammer Trump should never have hired him.
 ,Well it would get the Mueller report off the front page so i wouldn’t put it past him
 ,Eh. What's one more war at this point? Let's Roman Republic this bitch! Destiny ain't Manifested until we can beat that 118 year semi-continuous warfare record from 146 BCE!Edit: Come on guys. Obvious /s....
 ,Not if he was still black.
 ,He is not necessarily wrong. The affordable care act was initially a Republican policy proposal from back in the day.The two sides have at least in rhetoric have been pushed further apart.
 ,Economic policies maybe. Social policies no.
 ,he's seen as a moderate re3publican now so..
 ,I've been saying the same about Bill Clinton since he took office.
 ,I mean I support this but it is pretty hypocritical
 ,In what certain situations would abortion be ok in your opinion?
 ,It is a grave and craven mistake to limit a time proven surgical procedure for any reason.  Abortion saves women’s lives.
 ,You see like a reasonable person not a troll so for me it depends on when you believe life starts. Morning after pill...absolutely yes. Thats preconception. Have you put any thought into what your certian situations would be?
 ,Your view of only certain circumstances is going to prove a problem. Gov't needs to stay out people's circumstances in most cases. Let God sort out we sinners concerning the issue.
 ,Here's my hang up no one likes abortion no one wants to see it happen no one wants to go through it. However the reality is there are problems abortion fixes like rape and mothers safety. If a conservative or anyone for that matter came forward with better solutions to these problems I would whole heartedly support them. But I can't support someone who just says no to a solution without offering one themselves. I hate abortion I wish it never had to happen but I don't see a better alternative.
 ,I apologize if this has already been brought up; but ... you *do* realize that research shows that as many as *half* of all fertilized human eggs abort *themselves* naturally? If Texas passes their death-penalty-for-abortion law will they be killing their entire female population? And before you scoff at this *how exactly do they propose to know* if a woman miscarried naturally or maybe drank some pennyroyal tea or something? Once you're accused it's harder to prove a negative. This terrifies me.
 ,I think you might need to provide a little something more to go off of in order to foster a discussion.  Like I guess- what is it that you want from us?  Do you have a question to be answered?  Want to be told why we may or may not disagree with your stance?  Want to understand the pro-choice side?
 ,I am a liberal that would like to see the number of abortions reduced without making abortion illegal. Making abortion illegal will not stop abortions. It will make safe abortions costly and cheap abortion unsafe.The way we reduce abortions is by reducing the amount of unwanted pregnancies. We need to identify the causes of unwanted pregnancies and focus on changing these problems. It seems to me that most unwanted pregnancies can be reduced with education and raising the economic levels of all.
 ,4 upvotes 55 replies 😂😂
 ,/r/AskALiberal
 ,Its a slow moving but methodical strangulation of democracy in plain sight. Since 2016 life in the US has been like a bad dream that we just can’t wake up from and for the first time I’m seriously worried that they’ll get away with it. God only knows what kind of a hellscape the US becomes if that happens but I am genuinely worried that it will
 ,Modern World - https://www.thenation.com/article/the-cliffsnotes-exoneration/**Remember your history folks**:First a National Emergency is called then Congress and the Constitution is suspended. https://www.pastemagazine.com/articles/2019/01/this-is-how-dictatorships-start.html
 ,This is conspiracy...
 ,>“This unprecedented action is based solely on the testimony of Michael Cohen a convicted liar” Jordan said in a statement.No this action is based on tRump lying about why he couldn't release his taxes Mr Jordan.
 ,About time - stop playing around with harshly worded letters that will be ignored. Start bearing some teeth - it is the only thing they will respect.
 ,So now the IRS has no choice but to hand them over? Is that it?
 ,Serious question: will this really make a difference?
 ,A very unfortunate name
 ,Welcome. Living is easier without all the fear and hate.
 ,Welcome. I can’t say there aren’t any nutty liberals but I hope most of the community reacts positively and welcomes you. Most human beings are trying to do the best they can with the information they’re given. Bad information happens in any sphere but it is my honest belief that most people are not malicious but protective of those closest to them. Understanding can go a long way in harmonizing basic philosophy on life.
 ,1. What did you experience that was the tipping point for you?2. What were the nagging questions or issues in the back of the mind that finally started to assert themselves?
 ,Welcome to the land of logic compassion and inclusion
 ,Conservative here  why the switch ?
 ,I don’t think liberals have fat blue pills. We don’t use drugs to try to control you political beliefs. I don’t understand why conservatives think “getting red pilled” or whatever is a great metaphor. Isn’t the “getting woke” metaphor a better explanation of the Matrix anyway?
 ,Based on the shift of your opinion and perspective what are some factors that could  help bring others to their own realization. I have many friends that are well into the conservative mindset while I do talk politics with them I avoid trying to convince them to change their views. For example are there things Trump has done or said that became ideas you were not able to uphold?
 ,Still have those red tendencies as I see that you asked for questions but are providing no answers
 ,Somebody had to pay more taxes because they no longer get the full SALT deduction.  The only way to get a conservative to understand is when it happens to them directly.
 ,What makes you believe that you were conservative to begin with? Or what kind of views did you hold and what kind of analysis did you perform to reach those views?
 ,I love how liberals and conservatives think they aren't the same thing! 🤣😂🤣[braces for negative karma impact]
 ,Anytime you miss your civil liberties conservatives will always welcome you back.
 ,Nice usage of Jingoist.   It really needs more screen time as a vocabulary word.   Give me a shout if you (or anyone in this thread for that matter) would like insight into the alt-right as it exists on 4chan 8chan neinchan stormfront or any other hyper-nationalist propaganda creation engines. I inhabit these websites and have sustained my sanity over more than a decade.   Seriously I have suffered this realm out of habit and would like to contribute to anyone seeking a way of understanding these elements in furtherance of destroying them.
 ,Trump supporter: \*says something ignorant and gets called out\*"lIbRuHlS dOnT lIkE dIfFeReNt oPiNiOnS!"
 ,You said they didn’t originate it twice
 ,But my penis is very small and I need an outlet for my frustration!
 ,You know not every person that shares right leaning views is a thoughtless drone waiting to deploy meaningless insults as a way to bully people to make themselves feel better. For example I lean completely left when it comes to social issues save abortion which I flip flop on. But I tend to lean right on fiscal issues. In a perfect world the balance between helping the less fortunate and keeping a budget would be equal but we all know that that is not how the government works. People’s greed gets in the way on all sides and kickbacks happen or someone decides to sign a bill they disagree with if it will get their own through. That’s why I usually lean towards the side that has the most cost effective fiscal goals whether it’s the right or left. In my own opinion it tends to be the right leaning side that does so more often.
 ,Hello.You are receiving this message because you posted in defense of Donald Trump. I no longer provide individual responses on this matter. It has been my experience that Trump supporters are universally incapable of accepting verifiable truths about him and by extension themselves thus rendering discussion pointless and therefore a waste of time.I wish you all the best in your ongoing battle with reality.Yours respectfully a logical person.
 ,This post describes itself
 ,>You may be surprised to hear that you did not in fact originate this behavior nor did you oringate it.           Right?!Plus these neo Nazi trolls repudiate using vetted cross-checked sources that follow ethical standards in journalism thus making any appeal to facts when engaging with them null and void. They not only do not care about all the people they are hurting both directly and indirectly through the spread of blatant lies they fact they relish it.
 ,Jarad Kushner looks like he masturbated with his moms underwear as a teen
 ,Kushner Financial Ties to Israel:https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/07/business/jared-kushner-israel.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=first-column-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0
 ,Tbf the purpose of the university was to educate you. It is not the responsibility of every random redditor to bear the burden of enlightening the stubborn ignorance of all they encounter.Lots of people do take the time and effort but I don't see how they are obligated to.
 ,Probably because for the most part you need to actually be arguing in good faith. When you're face to face with someone you can read all the signs if a person is being serious or just looking to argue without so much as considering the opposition.On reddit...about all you can do is keep an eye on their rhetoric style and check their comment history for red flags (Anyone with an R/TheDonald in their comment history is not gonna budge)It's all complicated by the fact that there are people whose literally job paid to do is to stir shit so people don't want to take the energy to have a proper debate. Now that isn't to say we're innocent because we're human and as fallible as anyone else. That means that when you come from or are arguing for the sake of a minority that has had decades to centuries worth of being silence there's a tendency to want to wall out people whose ideas are basically a threat to every scrap of freedom you and those who came before you fought for often at the cost of their freedom safety and even lives. Nobody wants to allow someone else a total stranger even to barge in and undo that.It comes down to a risk vs reward ratio. Is dealing with this person whose view points means the undoing of everything I as a liberal hold dear worth listening to? Will I gain anything from it? Will THEY gain anything from it? Can I afford to let that person take up real estate inside my head? It gets complicated and it leads to vulnerability. These days it just feels easier to not take the risk. These day's it kind of feels like the talking points are over. In the era of unlimited access to information how much harder can you argue for your cause? The lines in the sand are drawn. People either want one thing or the other. There isn't really room to compromise on them.
 ,I have many conversations in here with people in good faith. But when people argue in bad faith the conversation is over. They do not want to change in fact they want to lie to decieve others. And continuing to argue with them only validates thier intentional lies. If you can't tell the bad faith from the good then you have a really big problem.
 ,With me what makes the difference is whether someone expresses their racist or sexist views in a trollish insulting way or rather they just say what they feel with no apparent mean or taunting intentions. I have very patiently got into long discussions with people who had views they just never really sat down and looked at maybe; or just people who seemed willing to hear what I said and respond without getting nasty.But the thing is sexism went virtually unchallenged for thousands of years in Western culture. Hell in Eastern culture too but that's another conversation. Women just plain don't want to hear it anymore.You know the instant negative remarks the insults the judgment the belittling that you see people expressing in liberal spaces the ones that bother you ... that kind of thing is EXACTLY what women have been putting up with for centuries ourselves and we're tired of it. Our reaction to the negativity is just like yours only it took quite a bit longer.
 ,Going to be pardoned by his buddy Trump.
 ,When I was a little kid I used to daydreamof the year 2000 and beyond. I was so so wrong .
 ,this is some news
 ,About time
 ,Maybe you shouldn't defend Hitler ever...
 ,“How dare you use the things I said and actually believe against me without giving me the opportunity to make excuses for my views”-Republicans
 ,I think it’s a complicated issue and it isn’t the best idea to quote someone without full context; however I feel Lieu was in the right here as I don’t believe Owens’ answer was misrepresented and it directly related to the matter of discussion. I found it interesting that in her defense (or rather attack against Lieu’s methods) she claims that “white nationalism is being exaggerated as a threat to the country when really white nationalists are the scapegoats” (paraphrasing). Smdh
 ,“*Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise terror sabotage assassination. This is the war of the future*.”– Adolf Hitler“*These are radical islamic terrorists and she [Hillary] won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term ‘radical Islamic terrorism*’” trump said during the Oct. 9 debateHey trump; Can you say **Radical Right-Wing Terrorists**?
 ,Diamond and Silk never praised Hitler.
 ,I think her comments were really about the common associations (ie Hitler) with the concept of Nationalism vs the actual meaning of the word.  It is clear that she is not defending Hitler but people believe what they want to believe.  I have heard a lot of back and forth between eggheads discussing the meaning of the word and it seems to have some plasticity.
 ,Her reaction was 100% worth the time wasted on this hearing.
 ,[deleted]
 ,This was a bad move on his part her response was rather compelling and he looked pretty awkward after it was all over.
 ,Wow they want to control a woman’s body now they want to kill her also Family Values Republicans
 ,I hope they try.  Texas Republicans are *the* biggest punks - the loudest pussies on the face of the Earth.They need an arsenal at hand just to feel like normal men just feel by default.
 ,But they don’t hate women guys srsly!
 ,How can he just trample on the Constitution like this and not get in trouble?  Seriously.
 ,I hope that republicans are starting to see how mentally ill trump is. He's not only unqualified but he's almost psychotic.Republicans need to wake up to the fact that they are enabling trumps mental illness by still supporting him.  They would do trump a favor by starting impeachment which will make trump resign.  Republicans are COWARDS - If trump was a democrat republicans would have already impeached him…
 ,No one is going to be able to do a good job running the DHS because luckily for us all Trump is a coward that doesn't know what he wants.He wants to install draconian rules at the border so he tells his DHS Secretary to do some cruel shit. His hardcore base goes crazy with glee and everyone else gets pissed off. People get so angry that Trump reverses his position and throws someone under the bus.This shuts up most of his critics but his base goes insane because he's not being cruel to brown people anymore.How can you enforce the policies of a man that has no policies?
 ,We need small red States to produce progressive leaders to run for Senate seats to get out of this bullshit
 ,Get those fuckers out of there!!!
 ,So much for the ‘Law & Order’ president as if anyone who listened with a critical mind wouldn’t have seen that Trump is not interested in law and order but authoritarianism to benefit his croanies. He isn’t even interested in his base as they will likely lose their health care pay more for less and lose any infrastructure they need (unless they are willing to pay tolls on private roads etc).
 ,This will never happen . People will not be murdered because they have an abortion.
 ,So we just set aside all the racism and lying and idiocy because a few more people have gotten dead end minimum wage jobs they can’t afford to lose because they live below the poverty line even through they’re  working ?Honestly the reason I hate trump the most is because of people like you. He himself is a joke. You made him a real threat.
 ,He didn't make unemployment go down. It's been going down before he was even in office.
 ,How on earth do you attribute any of those figures to the president?
 ,Why can't I hate him for his personality?
 ,Because he is a stupid amoral narcissistic elitist without an ounce of empathy curiosity or work ethic. For starters...
 ,2 honest questions: (1) how old are you and (2) why are you interested in American politics?
 ,Children in cages.&#x200B;That alone is enough to hate him. But he's done so much more
 ,A. Your economic numbers are all kinds of fucked up.The unemployment rate was 4.8 in jan 2016. It is 3.8 now. How is that 4 percent improvement? The gdp was 2.0 in 2016 and 2.6 in 2018. How is that 2 percent improvement? (He promised 4-6 percent gdp by the way.)I have no idea what the 3 million number is? Just total jobs gained? Obama created 8.9 million over 8 years so that's about on Obama levels. That may be accurate but not some kind of amazing number. And I think your wage number is close but 3 percent is supposed to be solid. 1.2 isn't even keeping up with inflation. (Obama had 2.2 percent in 2016 and trump complained about it and it wasn't that great)B. What do we hate? 1. The overt dishonestly and intentional lies. "Windmills cause cancer" "you have to have I'd to buy cereal" "they're rooting in sanctuary cities" and on and on. Willful lies. Intentionally deceiving. These kill any attempts at any real conversation. 2. Willful ignoring of science for profit. From global warming to just basic environmental policy he's perfectly fine to poison us if s company can make a buck off of it. 3. Zero respect for anything. He hates all professionals. Hates other national leaders of our allies. Treated them like pure shit and lies about them. And the says he trusts dictators. LolForeign policy is what presidents are supposed to focus on and he is beyond a massive failure but a true nightmare.
 ,1. He is deregulating everything in government. 2. He encourages and influenced the rise if white nationalists 3. He spends most of his time golfing and campaigning.4. He speaks at a 4th grade level.5 He thinks he knows more than the generals 6. He listens to Fox News to make his decisions.
 ,I disliked Trump long before he ran for president.  As someone in the construction industry watching a serial bankruptee ruin firm after firm while lining his own pockets was infuriating.  Lots of builders and designers have worked on Trump projects but few if any ever do a second.  He thinks this makes him a smart negotiator but he's just an amoral bully that always had it good and never learned empathy or a sense of responsibility.He benefited from Democrat policies for many years and supported them in turn.  He told everybody that if he ran for president it would be as a Republican because they are gullible.  He did exactly that and caters to a base that hangs on his every false word.As president he says one thing does another and is continuing to be a bully.  He takes credit when he should praise others and blames others for pretty much everything.
 ,i think income inequality may have gotten worsealso all the stuff that’s not about jobs
 ,Well start with these:  [https://www.needtoimpeach.com/impeachable-offenses/](https://www.needtoimpeach.com/impeachable-offenses/)
 ,He also lied about releasing his tax returns and about raw dogging a porn star and illegally paying her off. Nepotism: His kids are spoiled entitled lying monsters who should not be replacing actual experts. His wife has a "be best" internet bullying philosophy that apparently has no problem with her husbands twitter bullshit. He eats ketchup on well done steak
 ,https://www.multpl.com/unemployment/table/by-year
 ,Because hes sacking the government and the country for personal gain he's a shitty person with no morals and has done very terrible things in office lied to us or misled us over nine THOUSAND times has absolutely horrific stances on human rights policy has funneled more wealth into the top 1% than any other administration in US history turned an excellent bull market into a bear market in about a year destroyed US credibility on a global scale gutted the state department and left over 50 embassador seats open (jobs critical to US foreign trade and diplomacy and critical to preventing unnecessary wars) violated multiple laws like the emoluments laws and nepotism laws has commit tax fraud put corporate crooks in high power government positions who then began dismantling agencies like the EPA and more recently DHS.I could go on all fucking day.Edit: He took a 500 million dollar business deal from the chinese government to look the other way when the chinese got caught stealing information from every US citizen with a ZTE phone. He allowed a US resident to be murdered by a brutal regime and then offered to sell the regime nuclear technology.
 ,Over 70% of those jobs are in California.
 ,Who’s surprised he doesn’t understand laws?  Anyone? Anyone?
 ,Every time you think that Trump has gone as low as possible that he’s the most vile person alive he finds a way to go lower. There is no bottom
 ,How has he not been impeached yet?
 ,Impeachment is too good but we need it.
 ,Who hasn’t he told to break the law at this point? Don’t we all just agree that rich white people don’t actually follow any of the laws that exist? At worst they pay fines that amount to a tiny percentage of their wealth.
 ,Non-American here. I’ve asked this question on the same story in another sub but want to ask it here as well as I’d really like to know the answer. For at least the last year (or even most of his presidency) every time Trump does something everyone says he can be impeached for this or impeached for that.  Mueller made some report that was supposed to be utterly damning to the president so he can be swiftly impeached. Yet there appears to be no progress or even talk of ever actually impeaching him for these seemingly endless impeachable acts. Where is all the impeaching at?
 ,Wake me up when this turd gets flushed !
 ,https://i.imgur.com/ghdLuFC.jpg
 ,So much for the ‘Law & Order’ president /s
 ,My thoughts the President Vice President and members of Congress must make public their tax returns yearly. 
 ,Federal rule of law has been defunct since January of 2017.  This is a petty dictatorship.But I'm so glad ~~Philippe Petain~~ Nancy Pelosi thinks even trying to enforce the Constitution against the Russian-backed insurgency would be pointless.  Ugh.
 ,They say it would be a national security risk to release them. Besides the shady stuff the returns could possibly expose it could set this new whacky bar on how much the rich get away with In regards to documenting both income and expenses. Kind of like testing the limits on how accounting wizards use their magic to turn gold into shiny plastic turds when needed.Edit: grammar and spelling.
 ,Dont hide it. Youre an adult. Its not their place to decide what party you're affiliated with. So what if they have a problem with it. You are your own person and should be treated as such. My extremely right wing parents are pissed that I vote Democrat but ive essentially told them to fuck off because their kind are dying out and I have the right to vote the way I believe.
 ,You might lots of campaign mail and it sounds like you have reason to fear they’ll be more than unhappy. Protect yourself first. Do you have maybe a different address you could use in the time being like a friend’s?
 ,You can sign up for a bunch of newsletters etc. from both parties.  Throw in some Green and Libertarian stuff too.  Just tell them that your name/ address must be out there since now you can vote.There are many Republicans in Hawaii that register as Democrats just so their vote can help determine the opponent in local races and primaries.
 ,I suggest total and open honesty in all things and if that hurts your parents that is because they have issues not you. However that is internet stranger advice and best taken lightly.
 ,Odds are this will be the only real document that openly says it. They may send campaign literature but they send it to anyone.And frankly if some of the campaign literature did say it. It's often wrong and unfounded. Just blame the "stupid Democrats" for getting it wrong. Fox news them.Always blame the Democrats and you can get away with anything.
 ,I'm not that well informed and tend to just sit and listen to my Jewish friends on this. From their perspective Israel is already a debated situation within the Jewish American communities because of how strongly orthodox Israel is in terms of it's government leaders. It's a complex situation I'm still trying to learn about.I really don't see any modern-minded Jewish person having that much loyalty to Israel that they'd depart from the Democratic party over these issues though. 
 ,Whenever you see a political ad about Democrats being against Israel remember that it was paid for by Many Fine People.
 ,Fox News has carte blanche and shouldn't even have a license.  It's time to call out their yellow journalism.
 ,**V O T E**  Anyone but trump    Seriously I often wonder if republicans would be happier living under a cutthroat KGB butcher dictator like Russia’s Putin…trump (and republicans) - using the Nazi playbook:**“Make the lie big make it simple keep saying it and eventually they will believe it.”**—Adolf Hitler
 ,Hell I can't help but wonder when he's ever read 4 pages of anything.
 ,I heard nothing was conclusive
 ,The Mueller Report is the most anticipated report of it's kind in my lifetime. I can't imagine e the US public NOT getting access to it in it's entirely. Unthinkable. 
 ,hahahahaha!!!!! never!!!!! dude is dumber than rocks. no offense rocks.
 ,People are often too hard on Trump but I am going to allow this burn because it is classy to criticize another person for not reading.  
 ,"Fucking's legal. Selling's legal. Why isn't selling fucking legal?" - George Carlin.
 ,I think that this will lead to even more exploitation of women and violence. I am open to better informed people as to the human trafficking part and subsequent affects. I also have a young daughter and anything that increases rather than decreases the objectification of women (and men) is a bad thing to me. Am i wrong on this?
 ,Anything made illegal forces them to be controlled by criminal organizations. When you make them legal society controls the safety. Just like alcohol and abortion. Sex work will always exist making it legal removes the criminal controls and helps keep sex workers safe. 
 ,yes. next question.
 ,Obstruct justice much?
 ,What is so bad in those taxes? I mean will it really destroy his whole facade if people know he’s not a billionaire? It seems like that isn’t worth this level of crazy. 
 ,Trump - Nothing to hide the Mueller report clears meThe people - Can we see it?Trump - No.The people - Can we see your tax returnsTrump - No I'm under auditThe people - But you've been under audit since before you were president?Trump - And?The people - are you lying?Trump - look over there we're being invaded by thousands of Immigrants at the border!And so it continues 
 ,Gee ya think?
 ,Is the lawyer a 13 yr female?
 ,Most likely 
 ,What’s he hiding?  
 ,The USA is a pathetic joke. 
 ,Why wouldnt he? He knew this was going to happen since day one. Wouldnt Alan Weiselburg have copies?Ask Michael Cohen who else has copies.PEOPLE WHO HAVE NOTHING TO HIDE.....HIDE NOTHING.2020VOTE!2020VOTE!Need to get ass kissing Mitch out too.Again VOTE 2020/VOTE2020!
 ,Let’s be honest there’s no evidence for it. This article is just an excuse to put “Trump” and “grooming” in the same sentence.
 ,No lol 
 ,He’s right but of course the outrage squads won’t listen. My biggest nightmare is any viable candidate to beat Trump gets torn to shreds by the purity patrol while Trump stays on the sideline laughing and coasts to victory. Biden is not my choice but watching the feeding frenzy over what even his accusers agree is not harassment is a preview of what is likely going to be a really ugly primary. We need to make sure that in our quest for progressivism we don’t forget that 1.) there is no such thing as a perfect candidate and 2.) absolutely none of the progressive agenda will be advanced if Trump wins. There is a strain of progressive that won’t accept anything less than 100% adherence to the party line and this thinking will absolutely get Trump re-elected if it’s not checked
 ,It's very very simple you vote whoever you want in the primary to be the candidate. Then in the general you go and vote Democratic candidate. If your ideal candidate is the democratic candidate good for you else suck it up and vote democrat anyway. Remember if you don't vote D this time it is likely notorious RBG will retire and they get another asshole on the supreme court and it will be your fault for not voting Democrat.
 ,Liberals are so self dividing this coming election will surly be the downfall of the USA. 
 ,Oh..gee...I wonder what this will be? Clearly not some BS political stunt. My guess is that it will be Hillary Clinton and Obama 8 times. ...but her emails?!!!
 ,So are memes the new panem et circenses of our times?
 ,What a horrendous take on literally everything
 ,We can't meme? Wtf? I beg to differ:https://imgur.com/a/f2y8qeU?
 ,Can't *imagine* why.
 ,Obviously it's because he wants the IRS to wrap up their witch hunt audit of him and his businesses so he can *finally* release his tax returns to the public. Precedent Trump is nothing if not transparent.
 ,Strange stuff going on here... hmmm... maybe we should start an investigation?
 ,Career criminals doing what career criminals do. 
 ,How very GANGSTER of him!And predictable. Sad. The whole world should bow at his feet and never help with doing anything that makes him look stupid. Every move he makes says look at me look at me I am guilty of everything you think I've done!
 ,**trumpleThinSkin’s impeachable offenses - and/or Crimes Against Humanity:** - Emoluments Profiting from the office.- Conspired with a foreign nation to swing the election.  trump is the unindited co-consprirator to felony campaign finance violations.- Obstructed justice to cover up said conspiracy.- Endless failures to carry the duty and dignity of the office.- used insecure communication devices- Possible blackmail of several senators and possibly a Supreme Court justice?- Instigating RACIST attacks (Advocating Violence and Undermining Equal Protection Under the Law)- Abusing the Pardon Power- Hired illegal immigrants for decades- Witness Tampering and Sharing State Secrets with Foreign Powers Using Presidential Office to illegally attack Private Companies…- Human-Caused Climate Change DENIAL- Money Laundering tax evasion- Accusations of rape and sexual assault- Directing Law Enforcement to Investigate and Prosecute Political adversaries for improper and unjustifiable Purposes- Undermining the Freedom of the Press- Violated Campaign Finance Laws- Cruelly and Unconstitutionally imprisoning Children and their Families in American Concentration Camps - update: children dying in American Concentration Camps- Impeach trump https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Efforts_to_impeach_Donald_Trump 
 ,Hmm... I wonder why...
 ,The USA is a pathetic joke. 
 ,Love him! I’ve always been a Bernie guy even before Bernie was a thing. And now I’m leaning to Mayor Pete I think he has the best chance at not only beating Trump but I think he can genuinely bring the country together and also get progressive policies enacted. 
 ,I'm a huge supporter of Pete Buttigieg. The thing I like about him the most is that it is clear he's thought long and hard about his policies. He has strong progressive views but instead of using the normal soundbites and rhetoric he explains how we can get on the right path to achieve these progressive reforms.
 ,Listening to mayor Pete is like listening to Obama. He talks in a straight line and when he's finished you feel like you've learned something. So -SO opposite of listening to people who cover their agenda with smoke-screens of fear-mongering and demonizing.
 ,My top choice is Inslee the main reason being how experienced he is in touting the progressive agendas we are rallying behind. He has accomplished a lot both as a Representative and as Governor. [This list starts to give a really good idea](https://politicalcharge.org/2019/04/05/jay-inslee-the-7-issues-guide/) but one thing also not listed was all that Inslee has done as governor in regard to immigrants and refugees including standing up for welcoming Syrian refugees and being the first to sue over the Trump administration over the Muslim ban (and going to the airport right when the families were being separated). He's also protested and fought against ICE practices. I know we're interested in new and interesting and Pete has a lot of great qualities. While we're looking at dark horse candidates you would be hard pressed not to also give a good look at Inslee.           &#x200B;That said I like Pete and he would be easy for me to rally behind if nominee. I will refrain from saying much other than positives regarding Pete because I'm more interested in talking these candidates up but he does have a lot going for him; my bottom line is I have watched Inslee's careers for years and I have been super impressed with how he's used his office. 
 ,I think he and the media is placing too much importance on his Sexuality
 ,I'm sick of hearing about the new flavor the week also his husband's name is a verb ("Chasten") which is weird
 ,We're aware of this. 
 ,:)
 ,I mean its two sides of the same coin. Its absurd to imagine there arent as many delusional people on the left as there are on the right.
 ,When I think of how close we actually came to having a president who once used a private email server just like her predecessors… I’m like whew thank goodness we got the racist NRA guy who’s going to bust up the unions take away peoples healthcare fleece the treasury flout the constitution accuse the media of lying nepotism ignore Human-Caused climate change and give all our military secrets to Russia… wow that was a close one. /s
 ,To be clear that's at least 24 whistleblowers. 
 ,Fox News will somehow spin this to get its idiots all wound up calling the whistleblowers  “traitors” for calling out our hero Donald trump (who totally isn’t a traitor)
 ,Frankly anyone who isn’t is a fascist traitor or compliant to the point where they are indistinguishable and they need to be barred from public service for the rest of their life.
 ,I can only get so excited
 ,I love this. I feel like the "bad guy" for saying about a good number of candidates okay you're saying all the right things and your heart is in the right place but you're running for president not applying for an internship at a small nonprofit. This especially holds true if the candidate also has very little experience so there isn't much precedent to go off.  The more a candidate has a track record of getting good things done the more I can at least expect what their specifics will look like.This challenge to demand details and realism is what distinguishes candidates like Inslee Castro Harris  Warren and Gillibrand and currently they just aren't getting the press because they aren't rock stars as much on the podium as much as they are diligent workers in their public offices. Because they can't dedicate as much to just prancing on a podium and rather they are weaving their campaigning in with their daily work campaigning for the here-and-now issues. The fear is how we falsely equate details and realism with bold ideas - it's not either/or especially in this crowded field. We can have both and why shouldn't we?
 ,Papa Bernie can fix all of our problems tho if we just vote hard enough for him!(For the record I would vote for Bernie but I just have to roll my eyes at some of his true believers).
 ,I find your mention of FDR to be incredibly ironic.&#x200B;Also not that you asked but 'Economics in One Lesson' is a good read. I was going to link to it but I'm certain you would be offended to shop from any of the online retailers where the book is most readily available.
 ,There are several areas in which profit motive is at best corrupt and at worst abominable number one among them and definitely of the latter is the caging of human beings.
 ,The Facebook stories about this story on mainstream news sites are all full of comments like “Hurr durr prisons aren’t supposed to be country clubs!” and “If you don’t like it don’t commit crimes!”I weep for humanity.
 ,Alabama IS a violation of the Constitution. 
 ,The Supreme Court just ruled torture is permissible.
 ,*sweet home Alabama*
 ,I like National Scotch Day better. 
 ,How about we see the tax returns of every Supreme Court justice? Their clerks? Every senator and representative? Their staffs & interns? And yes - every president cabinet member executive branch employee etc. That would be a great world to live in. Let them all bask (or shrivel) in the sunlight. Smells like freedom!
 ,That sign in Daley Plaza said *Not Poland but Germany* so it looks like thay were protesting Poland paying reparations and saying Germany should.  I don't see any signage about anti anything except money.  If there had been signage that was anti- semitic then that gathering in Daley Plaza would have had a counter protest.
 ,NSZ arm bands does not mean antisemitism at least in World War 2. The National Armed Forces weren’t antisemitic. In The war there were dozens of Jewish officers in their ranks. In January 1945 they liberated 280 Jewish women slated for death from Holysov. In the post war period they fought against the Communists and did kill several hundred to a thousand Jewish partisans but from what u understand the Stalinist forces built some partisan groups of different ethnic groups. In other words it’s a consequence of the particular soviet informal military unit they fought and not part of ethnic or religious conflict. No idea about these dudes. They opposed a bill. Maybe they did it because they are racist. Not enough info in the article to prove it especially since their NSZ stuff was frankly a lie. 
 ,Opposing a racist bill that breaks American Polish and international laws and deals - what's anti-Semitic in that again?
 ,[deleted]
 ,**Neo-nazi's trying to rewrite history** https://medium.com/the-method/white-supremacists-are-creating-alternate-history-486903c747a3**Neo-Nazi LIES** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_negationism“*These are radical islamic terrorists and she [Hillary] won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term ‘radical Islamic terrorism*’” trump said during the Oct. 9 debateHey trump; Can you say **Radical Right-Wing Terrorists**?
 ,Oy vey!
 ,The article says this like I'm not already fully aware just how many Neo Nazis have sprung up in the U.S.
 ,On one hand I'm glad all this bullshit is coming out so we can see it maybe deal with it. On the other I'm shocked by the residual hate fear and ignorance in the US. I had no illusions that racism was dead when Obama was elected but god damn seems like 40% of this country is outta their minds.
 ,This protest is regarding JUST Act 447 [https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/447](https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/447)Let me ask you:What happens to heirless property in your country?Would you like to have a foreign country coercing your country to decide what will happen to heirless property in your country?
 ,Trump overwrote security officials when giving a high security clearance to some drug addict. I can’t wait till we find out who that was.Easy guess would be Steve Banon.. but I’m hoping is someone more juicy like Ivanka or Kushner.. they seem like undercover addicts with daddy issues 
 ,If you are a conservative take a breath and think about what you would say if Obama or Hillary did this. 
 ,Of course he did.  Trump is a traitor.Destroying American national security is his primary purpose.
 ,"No puppet. No puppet. You're the puppet!" -DJT
 ,The us government is a pathetic joke. 
 ,They don't want anyone convicted of domestic violence charges to lose out on the opportunity to buy a gun. Think of the gun lobby's feelings!  A gun manufacturer may go home with a few dollars less and cry. 
 ,[deleted]
 ,First take the healthcare then take away food stamps WIC can get erased as well. Hell let's just do Away with minimum wage and turn the shitty states into sweatshops.
 ,the only way this should be allowed to happen is if it comes from walmart employees finally being paid enough to feed themselves.
 ,Impeach this Heartless SOB !
 ,750000 people wasting tax payer dollars that could be used on more productive things.Did you know that over 200 million dollars of SNAP money stolen from taxpayers is used on fats candys and sugars? This could be even higher because not all fatty foods are specifically listed. Love that 200 million dollars going to the 30% obesity rate huh https://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/foods-typically-purchased-supplemental-nutrition-assistance-program-snap-households
 ,Seems like a good thing to me. The less folks on food stamps the better imo. Taking personal responsibility for oneself is an important step to get off gubmint hand outs.
 ,I'm a very very liberal person but I honestly believe the food stamp system is completely broken. I know a couple of people who make great money but it's all under the table cash (i.e. tattooist barbers). A lot of them receive food stamps because they can.
 ,I say good.   Let it al go to shit it’s the only way to get the idiots who support this asshole and all his complicit GOP thieves to see what they’re all about. And start voting every one of them out.  I say let it happen. 
 ,Unemployment at an all time low. Let it happen people are taking responsibility for themselves. 
 ,Hey but they scored a sporty red ball cap out of the deal and they got to tweak the libs so it's all cool amirite?
 ,Farm lobby missed the boat on this one years ago. 
 ,I feel bad for donors. 7 million dollars to a man who will 100% not get nominated? There's already biden Sanders warren Harris even booker and some guy I've never heard of thinks he has a chance.
 ,It's pretty clear that Trump is ignorant/insane/in cahoots with Putin.
 ,Can't *imagine* why a Russian puppet attacks NATO.Just say the word "traitor" already.  When are we going to stop being sea-lioned by our own leaders pretending it's an undecided question whether water is wet?
 ,We know why. Why do we continue to dance around it?
 ,Putin told him to.  At this point do you even have to ask?
 ,His boss doesn’t like NATO
 ,Russher is the answer
 ,Daddy Putin doesn't like NATO that's why. 
 ,Russia is no longer bolchevik. Time for NATO to go. 
 ,Funny how the great “art of the deal” guy is the only one not “a lot of people” or “very very this or that” who says NATO is a bad deal. Forget the commanders and other foreign leaders THIS guy a shitty business man who we know is doing this for Russia says so and out of his many lies expect us to believe some more.
 ,Cause we’re being unfairly taxed compared to other country’s
 ,Found this link on /ARCon[https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/b80jf1/this\_time\_it\_will\_work/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/b80jf1/this_time_it_will_work/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x)The hilarity is in the comments you should really go and read them.  I can't post to that stoopid fucking sub (been banned you know because conservatives ALL support so much free speech).  Basically it goes like this:1. Original post - banning guns will be as ineffective as banning drugs2. Comments - we still need to ban drugsTheir hypocrisy knows no bounds.  AND this is a good example of the right-wing propaganda machine.  Conservatives are the ones who ban everything but they try and message that they want freedoms.
 ,Cool. Even if this was correct and having guns is bad which it isn't when Mr. Sanders comes knocking on our doors to take our guns 100 million Americans aren't going to give them up so easily. Tyranny is a big threat to our country right now and with no sufficient evidence that gun control works liberals are digging their own graves.
 ,This Subreddit is so stupid I mean Jesus Christ.
 ,Of course Trump does not care. 
 ,If we can learn one thing from the Republicans do not stop pushing until public opinion eventually turns in your favor. But there is one thing different about Democrats. Democrats always fight for what is right for all Americans whether they are Republican or Democrat.
 ,The important part of the article:Enacting a constitutional amendment would be an uphill battle if not an impossible goal. The amendment would first need to win over two-thirds of both chambers of Congress and then be ratified by three-fourths of the states.
 ,Omg it’s like he has been reading all the emails I’ve sent!!
 ,I know many of you will disagree with me... that being said abolishing the electoral college is a terrible idea. Without it rural America has no voice in US politics and all federal policy would be catered toward populous cities. 
 ,Wokeass merkley 
 ,Horrible idea. It's part of our government for a reason.
 ,- when you are so mad trump won you make a bill to get rid of the way he won.If the tables were flipped you guys would be worshipping the electoral college. 
 ,I am not necessarily a liberal but i do consider my self a democrat and abolishing the electoral college would be a terrible idea. i know rn most people dont like it but lets think about the consequences. Without an electoral college candidates would only campaign in New York California Texas and Florida. And they would promise laws that would specifically be favorable in those regions while ignoring the needs of the other states.
 ,I Have a better Idea for the ECWhy don't we have popular vote in Congressional Districtsand if you get more then 46 or 47% of the state popular vote you get the 2 votes for the senators seatsKeeping the Electoral College and having people more control on who they elect for president
 ,Wow this is such great news now the most populous states (California New York etc) will have the most sway in this country and smaller states will have little to no voice. The Electoral College makes sense because it represents individual counties if this bill passes then people will be forced to vote with the ideals of their states' largest cities. Rural people need their counties representation otherwise it will be completely drowned out by urban peoples. The largest states in this country are almost exclusively liberal and will now have almost unlimited momentum going into future elections. For real though theres a reason why the Electoral College was implemented in the 1700s. As a liberal I cannot support this its nonsense the US is massive the Electoral College wouldn't be needed in a smaller country not divided into states but with 50 states the popular vote shouldn't be allowed to dictate the elections. We need to represent everybody and that's why this bill is idiotic. I feel as though my fellow liberals only want this because it ensures our continual domination in future elections this kind of thinking is wrong and borderline insidious. I'm ashamed that my home state of Colorado is at the forefront of this bs. Edit: The Electoral College was established in 1804 not the 1700s.
 ,Don't forget that Lincoln won because of the electoral college. He lost the overall popular vote!  
 ,Does he honestly think Trump the guy who won only because of the electoral college will sign it into law?Still love you Jeff
 ,I can't wait for presidential campaigns to only go to 4 states
 ,What’s the reason for this? Because Hillary lost last election?
 ,The fucken cops needed a vacation. That’s how they schedule vacations.
 ,And yet somehow there won’t be enough evidence to convict. Or prosecutors will find credible reason to fear for their life. These cops need MURDER CHARGES.
 ,Those scandalous pigs. 
 ,Where’s the second amendment crowd?
 ,Straight up over kill. Obviously they didnt need to shoot him but if anything he closest officer could have shot his arm or hand and then just pulled him out the car. 
 ,For anyone who thinks there aren’t  conservatives with you on this: https://www.nationalreview.com/2019/04/the-underexamined-factor-in-too-many-police-shootings/
 ,If you take someone prisoner you take on responsibility for their well-being. This is a failure. 
 ,US custody = concentration camps
 ,lock him up lock him up
 ,this is the same guy who called Michael cohen a "rat" for testifying against him. hes fucking hiding things in there. how the fuck haven't we gotten to the finances yet is beyond me
 ,Gee why doesn't he just really get down to his natural level and double-dog dare them to look? Sheesh. I've seen pufferfish handle themselves better in the face of adversity. 
 ,New York prosecutors: "Go ahead punk make my day."
 ,fuck that fat orange fuck
 ,Does Trump think he's in the presidential remake of godfather or something? NY prosecutors don't give a shit. 
 ,Which is precisely what you'd expect an innocent man to do amirite?
 ,###**JUST DO IT!!!**
 ,He cannot do anything about it. They are New York and not Federal.
 ,I know why this would be a red line for Trump. Take away his money and what has he got. Sure he's got power while he's president but I'm pretty sure his "friends" aren't drawn to him because of his charming personalit. Without money he'd be nothing.
 ,Lock his Crooked Ass up !
 ,Cross that line MF
 ,The red line was made up by the New York Times and was something Trump barely acknowledged in an interview when the NYT reporters volunteered it. NYT has run countless articles since about "Trump's red line" a concept wholly invented by them. Stop perpetuating NYT's bullshit.
 ,When he dies the world will be a better place.
 ,the this american life episode from last Sunday about jones is just jaw-dropping. he's a total piece of shit riling up even more pieces of shit to do his bidding. fuck this guy. sue him out of existence.  
 ,I bet he shit his pants when the plantiffs lawyer backed him into a corner
 ,**trump and his supporters Antisocial Personality Disorder (Sociopath)**Symptoms Antisocial personality disorder (Mayo Clinic) signs and symptoms may include:- Disregard for right and wrong- Persistent lying or deceit to exploit others- Being callous cynical and disrespectful of others- Using charm or wit to manipulate others for personal gain or personal pleasure- Arrogance a sense of superiority and being extremely opinionated- Recurring problems with the law including criminal behavior- Repeatedly violating the rights of others through intimidation and dishonesty- Impulsiveness or failure to plan ahead- Hostility significant irritability agitation aggression or violence- Lack of empathy for others and lack of remorse about harming others- Unnecessary risk-taking or dangerous behavior with no regard for the safety of self or others- Poor or abusive relationships- Failure to consider the negative consequences of behavior or learn from them- Being consistently irresponsible and repeatedly failing to fulfill work or financial obligations
 ,He’s a PoS.
 ,Lil bitch boy 
 ,What a vile disturbed man who stirs up other vile disturbed people who then traumatise grieving parents. What an absolute shit-stain this guy is.
 ,Conservative here. I'm pretty sure everyone on our side also agrees this man is a lunatic.
 ,I am just drained by this.  When is it gonna be over for f..k sake!!!!!
 ,Why are there over 300 pages of details about something that didn't happen?
 ,He's the absolute master of projection. No contest.I've been filled with anger and misery ever since the report released and Barr gave his shitty summary he actually expected the American people to accept.
 ,He literally gets away with shit and then accuses his accusers of his own crimes.  The level of  shameless Teflon  deflection  is almost impressive.  
 ,I wish he would go away.He's a thug.  Waving white power signs around on national TV. It was no accident.He needs to be stopped.
 ,Projection. 
 ,Black Mirror the insights of the entire show is impressive.
 ,I don’t think he even knows what treason means?“Oh they’re saying I committed treason?! Better say they are too!”Literally everything he is accused of and most likely did do he accuses back at the dems to try and take the heat away from himself. This man is mentally unstable. 
 ,trumps standard defence tactic to accuse the opposition of what you are doing.Did you do that? no you did it! just like a five year old.
 ,Just agree with him and call for the perpetrators to be removed from office. Republicans are the ones that started and carried out the investigation. So dissolve the Republican Party.
 ,If you ever want to know what the Republicans are doing just listen to what they accuse the left of doing. 
 ,I think it's time for someone to sue for Libel. Then Trump has to put up or shut up (and lose some cash).
 ,Gigity gigity goo
 ,Epic
 ,It’s difficult to distance oneself from their own shadow. 
 ,If he did his rallies would be empty
 ,Has he distanced himself at all?
 ,[deleted]
 ,You mean at all.
 ,Did Hillary distance herself from the KKK legend?
 ,Every company person entity has to connect to the public telephone utility.  Wouldn't it be easy to force these customers to register every phone number they will spoof and limit their spoofing to only those numbers?  That way any given phone number can be traced back to the customer.Of course I am not a telephone technology guy but it seems a simple solution to me.  Thoughts?
 ,What the hell is wrong with these people?
 ,In Russia
 ,This is udder nonsense. Devin is a cow-erd. He should really end his beef with Twitter.And now here's a hilarious video about what a truly horrible person Devin Nunes is: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co1M0oHP8qI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co1M0oHP8qI)
 ,The ABSOLUTE BEST that a lot of these lower-profile players in this mess (Nunes Gates Papadopoulos etc) can hope for is that they will be utterly forgotten by history because if they do make it into the history books it will not be kind.Guys like Trump and Flynn and Manafort on the other hand will have several generations of offspring over the next century or two who spend their entire life sheepishly lying to everyone they meet "Haha no no relation to THAT guy. . ."
 ,His parody accounts certainly will be not sure about him though....
 ,Doubt it.
 ,Doubtful...
 ,He is just saying bullshit that he knows will cause outrage.  I'm not giving him the satisfaction.
 ,Well if the revisionist history books keep finding their way into classrooms he very well may be.
 ,Uh yeah - right up there with Benedict Arnold
 ,To the white hoods maybe. 
 ,Fucking traitors all of them. 
 ,In a dictatorship the ruling party gets to decide who the heroes are 
 ,By country bumpkins maybe. 
 ,God I loathe this woman. 
 ,I want to let her do it. She couldn't answer an elected rep. on how many kids that would affect. The elected rep. being an educated person did their homework prior to the meeting and new the answer. 280000 kids. It is time to give the american people some tough love. Let the Republicans win on what they want to do. Let her cut it. Parents of 280K kids will suddenly have that pulled from under them. Maybe they will wake up and realize Republicans are ***only*** out for the super wealthy and in no way whatsoever here for anyone else. Let them win let the people suffer. let them cancel obamacare. It is counter intuitive but yes let them burn the house down. Then simply go on the road and say I told you this would happen to you and they are the ones that did it. Do you want us to fix it? Or do you want the house to continue to burn?
 ,Betsy DeVos (trump’s Secretary of Education)- Billionaire- No education degree- No teaching experience- Republican Sociopath- No experience working in a school environment- Never attended public school or state university- Never put her own children in public school- Does not believe in or support public education- Believes public school teachers are overpaid- Supports for-profit education- Invested $200 million in Christian schools and organizations- Doggedly advocates funneling money out of public education and into for-profit Christian-based education
 ,I think this creature is even more evil than her brother. Her brother? Blackwater founder human rights violater war criminal and religious zealot Erik Prince who has openly stated he wants to start a new round of Crusades in order to trigger Armageddon.
 ,She is evil
 ,Getting the private sector/donations to raise $18 Million but to hear a woman worth $2 Billion say that we need to cut a program worth $18 Million because we have a larger defecit because of Trump's bullshit is amazing. Also her yacht is worth like $40 Million and doesn't even pay property tax because it's registered under the Cayman Islands (and gets free protection from the Coast Guard)
 ,She’s probably bitter she got cut from the Special Olympics basketball team as a child.
 ,What a feckless 
 ,Scum of the universe. 
 ,Trump countermanded her and has thrown her under the bus. I imagine she'll resign by the end of next month. Trump hates when underlings make him look bad and she's done this in spades.
 ,Maybe unpopular opinion here but does this really need to be federally funded?  We couldn't drum up funding for this voluntarily?Like no one (outside of DeVos apparently) wants to be perceived in opposition to the disabled.  But it is a little weird that this isn't a non-profit type deal or am I crazy?
 ,[We already spend more than most of the Western world on education per student](https://www.politifact.com/ohio/statements/2016/sep/21/donald-trump/trump-us-spends-more-almost-any-other-major-countr/). Maybe it wouldn't kill us to be like Europe and spend less. The Special Olympics are a wonderful charity but the government has no business funding them any more than it has business funding the make a wish foundation.
 ,It'd certainly also possibly undermine the influences of class differences if the rich were forced to have their little silver spoons attend the same school as at least middle class students. A few generations of sharing the same misery and possibly making friends over that misery with people of different social classes might help these kids grow up to be not as huge assholes as their parents.Then again one can never underestimate teenagers to latch onto the least excuse to segregate themselves. But it's worth a shot? At the very least it'd mean that those parents would pitch in more money if it's the situation their children have to endure.
 ,As well he should be - we the people are sick of his shit
 ,**V O T E** Republicans are COWARDS - If trump was a democrat republicans would have already impeached him…
 ,Vote the dog shit out of government. 
 ,Time to put Mitch in a zoo. 
 ,The article mentions promoting online voting so I'm just going to leave [this](https://xkcd.com/2030/) here.
 ,Kentucky if you're here it's all on you to get rid of that hamster. 
 ,r/fuckmitchmcconnell 
 ,Someday people are going to tell horror stories about Trump in order to scare their kids into voting.
 , I never use cussing in 22 years - but the gloves are off. Listen you son of a bitch. What the fuck's your problem? You wanna sit here and say that I'm a goddamn fucking Russian? You get in my face with that I'll beat your goddamn ass you son of a bitch. You piece of shit. You fucking goddamn fucker. Listen fuckhead you've fucking crossed the line. Get that through your goddamn fucking head. Stop pushing your shit. You're the people who've fucked this country over and gangraped the shit out of it and lost an election so stop shooting your mouth off claiming that I'm the enemy. You got that you goddamn son of a bitch. Fill your hand I'm sorry but I'm done. You start calling me a foreign agent those are fucking fighting words excuse me.﻿ 
 ,Ditch the Mitch!
 ,I honestly think there are 100 people driving the entire political banter on the internet and people just vote against whatever side pissed them off last time. 
 ,He’s had a long career I don’t think he’s scared of retirement
 ,No it isn't and no he isn't.Now please prove me wrong!
 ,Tax cuts come at a cost. 
 ,That's not her real nose. 
 ,Anyone who just assumes their vote won’t matter from now on should be ashamed of themselves.  We need to take it all back and right now before these lunatics ruin our country forever. 
 ,Am I the only one that would NEVER want a house that friggin big? I have a 3bed 1.5 bath and can't seem to keep the damn place clean as it is. Give me a normal persons home some land and a garage full of toys to enjoy.Then again she probably has a dozen staff to maintain the house.
 ,Hope the Amway sheep are proud
 ,Stop the presses - a rich person has a large house and expensive boat!?
 ,Hey Red Hat Cult hows that tax cut looking? 
 ,So what is that about $4 per American per month? I'd rather us not do business with a nation that doesn't believe in rights than get that money back. Keep tariffs on China indefinitely.
 ,Isn't this the county that had large amounts ballot integrity problems?
 ,Wait why would a ballot be rejected? Oh because they voted Democrat got it. Healthy system we got.
 ,Apparently this is pretty common in Florida it's obviously targeting young people. That law really needs to be taken out. 
 ,If it were some third world country US would have asked for a UN Observer to oversee the election process.
 ,I've always thought the map shown in the picture was very disingenuous. Makes you think the country is 95% Republican. The truth is that most of the population are in cities in the blue areas while a vast expanse of the red area is mostly jackrabbits and coyotes.   
 ,Sure this skyscraper that holds 100000 people voted for democrats. But these 13 fields that mah dog lives in votes for republicans. So the country’s republican. /s for those who didn’t catch on.
 ,Hahahahahaha. GOOD LUCK.
 ,For one it’s a non-profit. That’s a good start they have no one to be loyal to but themselves. Second it’s a wire service. So it tends to be straight reporting of the facts. Their job is to report the facts on any given news story and then your news org is welcome to add comment and spin.
 ,It's a pretty standard no-nonsense organization similar to NPR. I know some of their reporters are fantastic but most are probably pretty average...they do straight news very few opinion pieces. I wonder why the downvoted for this submission? Wrong topic?
 ,Yeah that AP News app is my primary source of news. It's the most objective source I'm aware of. It can actually be pretty boring to read but I guess that's what non-sensationalized facts are like. Plus the app is totally free.
 ,Media Bias Fact Check site lists them as among the least biased. [https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/associated-press/](https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/associated-press/)The other thing to keep in mind is that most news agencies get stories directly from AP and they're not edited either. 
 ,Very conservative as conservative as Fox news just less inflammatory. 
 ,To this court? No. You could pass pretty much any voting restriction you want and they would find some way to sweep it under the rug.
 ,Nope. SCOTUS isn't legitimate anyways so don't expect anything from this fascist rubber-stamp committee.If trump's verbatim admissions that he targeted Muslims wasn't enough to strike down his illegal Muslim ban then nothing can possibly matter to these traitors.
 ,Republicans are probably going to Republican.
 ,No
 ,Please man. Just stop. 
 ,Wow get over it trump didn't collude. It's just like when Obama was president and all the right wing loonies said he wasn't a us citizen and wanted to see his birth certificate! Collusion is just a bullshit conspiracy theory the Democrats used to help them win the mid terms and now it is backfiring on them
 ,What most people in the left don't seem to get...the more energy you spend chasing ghosts and shadows the less energy you have to actually do anything.  
 ,Man you just cant let it go can you?
 ,Give up dude.
 ,Legally speaking 'collusion' doesn't exist.  Only criminal conspiracy. And I think Barr is playing fast and loose with the spin as we all expected he would.
 ,Muller: There is no evidence of Collusion.This guy: So there was Collusion. 
 ,[removed]
 ,Republicans are the scum of the universe. 
 ,It's a good start!
 ,Fucking Repugnicants!&#x200B;
 ,Just watched a few of these videos - definitely worth your time.  Good stuff well done.
 ,Shortly after it was released I watched the one on them being bad faith debaters and instantly recognized the entirety of the lead up to the 2016 elections and frankly that's all I needed to see from this channel. I mean it's probably a great channel and people should support it but I just don't need to know anything beyond the fact that there's no point in engaging them at all. Just focus on convincing the independents and non-voters that being engaged can fix this shit show. 
 ,Thank you for this! I recently posted a question about getting along with my conservative coworkers and wound up getting mostly backlash and not a lot of helpful comments. I’ve been trying to understand conservative motivations better and this was really helpful.
 ,Great video - thanks for sharing 
 ,Right after I saw that episode I decided to post it to /r/Conservative as a sort of olive-branch; IDK whether they'll approve the post but here it is anyway: https://np.reddit.com/r/Conservative/comments/b4o8ci/the_altright_playbook_always_a_bigger_fish_a/
 ,The video has a good premise but it uses  the terms alt-right and conservatives together as synonymous. Actual conservatives feel that the alt-right is fascist and therefore more liberal than conservative. If your “conservative” friend marched in Richmond then you can apply this information. Otherwise if they are an actual conservative then the information in the video is nowhere near accurate and does not apply Hope this helps in your conversations with conservatives
 ,Maybe I’m misunderstanding but the difference between racial ideology and racial identity seems to be a distinction without a difference. The last paragraph of the article “What this all shows is that America isn’t racially divided it’s divided by racial ideology. And that’s a good thing for the country’s unity because ideological differences however lamentable are less polarizing than racial conflict in which whole communities mobilize against an enemy. A mix of races are found in each racial ideology preventing tribe and creed from pushing in the same direction which might lead to civil conflict. This raises the hope that American political elites can one day heal the country’s divisions.”Nazism is clearly an ideology but it still resulted in the Holocaust.  How exactly is ideology less polarizing?
 ,I kind of agree everyone hates each other at this point. Its getting worse and worse I honestly think the US should just break up. California being its own country would be fantastic. California Nevada Hawaii Washington would be amazing. Joining Canada would be a dream. Federal politics just don't seem sustainable they used to pretend to try to get along and had some joint efforts that is long gone. 
 ,Cool as long as red states tax money stayed in red states. 
 ,Because a lot of people would suffer. And the red states likely wouldn't care. 
 ,Well I heard a segment about this on NPR and I think such a thing which might be satisfying a little in a Schadenfreude or just desserts way isn't really what we want. The Democratic party is trying to reach people in all 50 states. Let's stop dividing the country into concepts of red and blue states if it implies we don't try to reach anyone outside of "blue". What about swing states? What about the Republican rural parts of blue states like Illinois and California that are only blue because of their cities? We should be trying hard as it is to reach all people including people who have traditionally been Republican. So it would be satisfying but Petty and undermining our long-term goals. 
 ,[removed]
 ,Republicans are the scum of the universe. 
 ,Did this same shit happen in one of the Carolinas? The outgoing ousted governor pulled a typical republican shitbag move to strip the incoming gov of power? 
 ,They struck it down for the wrong reasons though. The session where all of the activity that stripped his powers was not a normally scheduled session that was done by the procedure outlined in the states constitution. Everything done during that session was rendered null & void but will be appealed and will most likely be overturned.
 ,I can’t fathom how anyone can justify this behavior. If this were a Democratic endeavor conservatives would rightly scream bloody murder. But because so many ignorant souls abide by these antics it exemplifies that they concur with a oligarchy that does whatever it wants as long as it’s not a Democrat who is doing it.
 ,This is it. Here we go. I fully expect the AG to redact some of the report and "re-write" whatever he feels necessary to save face with Trump and save the Trump Admin in whole. This is going to get really interesting for the US really quick.
 ,What did he conclude?
 ,Ahh the liberal tears are salty-sweet. 
 ,Trump bad
 ,Good job! Mental health is very important and I hate how some people downplay it so they can give themselves an excuse to not give other people help.Or overplay it to try and get rid of certain rights to people just because they have a mental illness.
 ,Yes it is.
 ,this some bulllll
 ,Last year About $400 Billion was donated to Charities  Now the tax part on incometax isnt that big of a deal Avg Tax rate is 15% so 60B in unearned taxes.  You know enough to fund 90% of the cost fully funding collegeBut that 400 Billion is spent on things in cities and states and as a Non Profit you pay no sales tax on 400 B in spending of course lets adjust that as sales tax generally only affects on average 33% of income.  So 133B in sales tax Spending at national avg 9.9%.  13 Billion in Sales Tax.  That would go to cities and states to fund higher education higher teacher salaries higher police salariesAmazon aint got nothin on charitiesLike Religion.1. According to the most recent estimates from Giving USA Giving to religion totaled $122.94 billion in 2017. About 20% of Church funds arent spend in the current year. Church Profit  24.6B* Corporate Taxes Due $6B* Corporate Income Taxes Paid - $0100B in Expenses Taxed at the state(9.9% nationwide Avg) only about  35% of spending gets taxed* Personnel Income and Expenses Taxes Due $3.5B* Taxes Collected $0The Hartford Seminary estimates that there are 335000 congregation in the US with an average property valued at $2.1M* Property Tax Owed $32.3 Billion* Property Taxes Paid $0The Presbyterian Foundation which manages $1.9 billion in assets. (2012)* A $100000 donation or investment in 1980 with the Foundation  * has paid $460000 in capital gains and   * is currently worth $248000* Taxes Paid $0Religions pay no investment taxes (such as capital gains taxes). These can result from surplus cash donations or donations of investment instruments such as stocks.
 ,I'm deeply disappointed.I wish I could say "surprised."
 ,Christian Charity....there’s an Oxymoron for ya. 
 ,The agreement was that churches are supposed to keep OUT of politics in all forms and in return they are not taxed.They've been breaking this contract for decades now and need to be punished harshly. 
 ,So the largest Christian charity is a supporter of domestic terrorism? Somehow nothing surprises me anymore. That is not a good thing that I'm not surprised.  
 ,"Donor-advised funds allow individuals sending the tax deductible contributions to remain anonymous from the IRS"  Creepy.
 ,Republican Jesus would be so proud. 
 ,Color me shocked. The American Christian conservative right wing is pretty much already a hate group. But a highly profitable one. 
 ,I call shenanigans on this. Their source is the Southern Povery Law Center (SPLC).The SPLC is notorious for labelling those they disagree with as hate groups: https://youtu.be/qNFNH0lmYdM
 ,...but you repeat yourself.
 ,FryShocked.jpg
 ,Scum of the universe. 
 ,Has similar research been done on Muslim charity groups?  Jewish?
 ,It is also 'possible' that it was the the devil.
 ,Hahahahaha  hahahahaha 
 ,It’s possible that I am actually god and you should believe me when I say that adulterers should be stoned in the streets. Not gays though that was just some translation bs from the 9-12 dudes who compiled the stories of the bible over a period of 600 years.
 ,Just try not to place so much importance in people’s political beliefs... 
 ,It can be hard especially when you have to listen to nonsense and just grit your teeth but that’s what I’d advise you to do. There’s no percentage in trying to use reason with righties. It just doesn’t work. Years ago I had a job where I had to go to prosecutors offices to work on the computers and literally every single one of them had someone with an AM radio tuned to Rush Limbaugh playing all day. They’d nod their head along and talk about how awful the liberals were and I’d have to just keep my mouth shut and ignore it. Luckily I wasn’t stuck there every day - I did my thing and got out. If I did have to listen to that daily I’d invest in a good pair of noise cancelling headphones and just drown it out with some music or a podcast.
 ,First political conversation I say “I don’t talk politics at work”. 
 ,Political anonymity in professionalism is not just functional for a work environment it's functional for Democracy.  Owners and bosses used to force employees to vote their way or get fired.  It's more than just a good thing it's a necessity in our society.  They should understand this.  Also don't only hang with people who think exactly like you do all the time.  The probability to learn plummets.  
 ,Become a master of changing the subject. If your coworker gets onto politics say you think the politician made a bid on some famous sports team and start talking about that instead.
 ,Politics shouldn’t have a place at work.  It’s unprofessional.   I’d kindly remind them of that.
 ,So you're struggling with things like:&#x200B;"These people DON'T like to kill babies?""These people actually OWN guns?"  "These people feel there are more ILLEGALS coming in than is necessary?""These awful people go to CHURCH! FUCKING CHURCH!""These awful people believe in TWO GENDERS! TWO. What kind of IDIOT only feels there are TWO GENDERS?""These awful don't feel/think for me. OMG! My life was a LIE! I AM NOT SPECIAL! WHAT!?"&#x200B;Suck it up or get a new job what a tool. 
 ,Keep in mind they are probably saying the same thing about you. 
 ,To the surprise of absolutely nobody.
 ,"You're lips are moving but you aren't saying anything."
 ,Ok so here’s the solution. Subpoena subpoena subpoena. And when they don’t comply contempt of Congress until there is no cabinet.
 ,"Innovation" is probably the old horse-sh\*t about "clean coal."
 ,Fits my prediction that once the fossil fuel industry is largely dead the GOP will start rewriting history and claiming liberals were the ones who stood in the way of addressing climate change.They lie for pleasure.  So the bigger the lie the bigger their gratification.
 ,The innovation the GOP is standing in the way of?  
 ,Very soon they will have no say at all based on how they have been behaving.
 ,In other words the best solution to climate change is now being put forward by Republicans! Now let’s get rid of oil and gas subsidies and innovation will really take off!
 ,That's not true at all The Senate is taking it seriously I heard they will be bring the Green New Deal to a vote shortly. 
 ,Here's my take Pelosi doesn't want to proceed with the articles of impeachment at this point because at this point there is not enough sufficient proof that Trump violated the law to convince the Republican Senate to actually vote to impeach him. If the house were to go ahead with the vote it passes goes to the Senate and gets struck down it might make future attempts to impeach Trump more difficult even in the face of new evidence or allegations.I feel like Trump is calling for Muller's report to be made public not only as a false posture of strength but also because the noose is really tightening in on Trump. If the report were made public right now Trump might have just enough wiggle room to escape indictment and impeachment. I also feel like if this were to happen it would make other investigations into Trump's affairs like devaluing assets to evade taxes lose some public support and really rile up the propaganda machines for the upcoming election.Overall it's not that Pelosi is actively defending Trump. She's a politician playing politics. If we weren't so entrenched in party over country politics the proceedings would probably already be taking place. However we live in a time where the president can pay a pornstar for sex while his wife is pregnant with his child and still get the overwhelming support of the evangelical vote. Unfortunately for the democratic politicians they have to impatiently wait for Mueller's findings to come out and hope that there is enough public outcry that republican senators start worrying about their job security in future elections if they don't support impeachment. When that happens republicans will (hopefully) jump ship.Am I happy about it? No. Do I understand it? Yes.
 ,I suspect she thinks that Trump as President damages the GOP's 2020 chances far more than Pence as President would.
 ,She’s not defending Trump. Nowhere in what you quoted is she even hinting at defending him. But you do realize that impeachment is just a step in the process? He would have to be convicted by the Senate to be removed from office and we all know that Republicans are not brave enough to support conviction. If they were per Pelosi’s quote you would not be wasting your time and impeachment would be worth pursuing.Right now their efforts are best focused on continuing to identify all of the corruption that Trump and co have added to our government agencies so that when Trump is removed from office—either through conviction or election—the other MAGAts that he brought with him will also be held to account.
 ,Impeachement is not a legal proceeding.  It is a political one.  And if you shoot for the king you cannot miss.Nancy has more political experience than anyone on reddit..*combined*.  If she is saying impeachment would distract the country and give Trump political cover for more fuckery...all the while resulting in no conviction...then I trust her.
 ,Impeach Trump you get Pence and with Pence all those conservatives who are on the edge with Trump love Pence they see him as a moral Christian who looks and acts Presidential Republicans Know this they will ride it out just until the end then drop the hammer.  
 ,This was precisely the reason I was against her regaining the speakership. She did the same thing in 2007 with W who clearly had violated the law with Iraq and warrant less wiretapping. Frankly those crimes seem almost quaint now in the Trump era. If we're lucky we'll be rid of Trump in 2021 but very clearly he'll get away with all of this with no consequences and nothing will change to prevent it from happening again.  
 ,What a shitty job she has. 
 ,"A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons." —Hillary
 ,So much of our infrastructure could use that money...this wall is a ridiculous ego trip for this man.
 ,I hope that republicans are starting to see how mentally ill trump is. He's not only unqualified but he's almost psychotic.Republicans need to wake up to the fact that they are enabling trumps mental illness by still supporting him.  They would do trump a favor by starting impeachment which will make trump resign.  Republicans are COWARDS - If trump was a democrat republicans would have already impeached him…
 ,If you think the wall is about immigration and not a big payout to some contracting company trump either owes money to or is colluding with than i have ocean front property in north dakota you might be interested in.
 ,I don't disagree that the southern border needs some structures and additional funding to help stop drug and human trafficking but this is such an abuse of executive authority and clear example of why the imperial presidency era needs to end.
 ,Yes we absolutely do.
 ,1 more year guys. Just one.... more.... painful year....
 ,Once constituents hear how he is gutting projects for their states to pay for wall they gonna be pissed.
 ,[removed]
 ,no they don't
 ,I doubt those poll results let’s be honest here. Hillary won by big margin by those polls last time. Fact is Trump won the presidency on border wall promise. Country is divided between ‘border wall’ vs ‘no wall’. And yes I do believe there is something going on on the border that need to be fixed. As a country US has only limited resources. Should we spend those resources on ‘economic opportunity hunters’ or Citizens who fall through a crack and need some help? Please do not tell me taxing billionaires will solve the issue do your math and you will find out it does not. Just look at the number of people entering illegally every month and if you still think it’s not an issue then you are so optimistic that you live in a la la land. 
 ,I always thought that liberals needed to talk to conservatives. 
 ,In my view Republicans want to strip rights from my own family tolerate ideologies of racism and bigotry dismantle my profession mandate my religion. I can't possibly vote for a Republican even if the individual shares mostly similar views the party does not. 
 ,I mean if you're a Republican and want a Republican candidate and that's your only choice I mean...yeah.&#x200B;&#x200B;
 ,Steve King doesn't realize what side Iowa was on during the real Civil War either.
 ,Not really worried about threats from a pipsqueak Neo NAZI or his army of morbidly obese type 2 diabetic rascal scooter bound chickenhawks. 
 ,And yet he'll still get re-elected for some reason.
 ,How's that ~~peace in our time~~ "bipartisanship" that Speaker Pelosi keeps talking about coming along with Nazi trash like Steve King speaking for the zeitgeist on the other side?
 ,[deleted]
 ,So what you’re saying is that just like every other geriatric republican boomer on Facebook he shared a meme without fully understanding what was on it? Shocking. The stupid spreads far and wide like wild fire with these people.
 ,Probably because Steve King is a moron...and Iowa should stop having morons represent them. 👍
 ,The next civil war won't be North v South. It'll be Rural vs. Urban. 
 ,These fucking nazis in our gov have got to go. 
 ,I wish there were a way we could see his brain so we could study it in order to find out just what the hell is wrong with him.
 ,He made a disturbing point though that rings true that they have the guns.
 ,Fuck this guy and pewdiepie isnt racist 
 ,The Bible says those who live by the sword die by the sword. 
 ,Just seeing Trump's face makes me violent...and I really hate that that is my reaction.  
 ,My er favorite Donald Trump quote of all time:    >####[*"We're fighting a very politically correct war.  The other thing with the terrorists is you have to take out their families.  When you get these terrorists you have to take out their families.  They care about their lives don't kid yourself when they say they don't take about their lives you have to take out their families."*](https://youtu.be/I1eXRXL0nkk?t=96)    Go ahead click the link listen to him say it for yourself.  Tell other people about it too.That's when he went from being a clown to a real threat in my eyes way back in ye' olde days of 2015 before young Donald had even won the Republican nomination.  Still makes me sick to my stomach to think [*that's* the one campaign promise he's kept.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/middle-east-civilian-deaths-have-soared-under-trump-and-the-media-mostly-shrug/2018/03/16/fc344968-2932-11e8-874b-d517e912f125_story.html?noredirect=on&utm_term=.de2b585db321)  
 ,And it's time to protest his violence mongering
 ,Anyone at this point who stands in the way of his impeachment and removal from power should be denounced as an appeaser of Nazi terrorism.
 ,[removed]
 ,Pretty much any Trump operation could be raided for Money Laundering. 
 ,A long read but definitely worth it. My key takeaway is that more and more people aren’t valuing classical liberal values such as inalienable rights and the need for democratic institutions. And countries that have never embraced liberalism like China and Russia are becoming more powerful internationally while also becoming more authoritarian at home. The US is retreating from the world stage and illiberal powers are filling the void.Kagan has a pretty grim world view where Enlightenment principles are not guaranteed to remain dominant world wide and could even fade in classical liberal strongholds like the US.While I’m not as pessimistic as Kagan I think this article is a good reminder that progress is not guaranteed—even over the long term. Anything can happen in the future and we shouldn’t lie to ourselves by pretending that the last few centuries of steady societal progress toward more freedoms and more democracy will continue indefinitely.
 ,What *is* the attraction to some tyrant telling you what to do stealing all your money and threatening your life? As soon as you let them in they declare themselves Dear Leader for life and you never ever get to change your mind. Are so many people so afraid of teh gay and brown folks that they would give up all joy and light? 
 ,Btw hsg
 ,Interesting that every article on Buttigeig regardless of content is being mass downvoted on r/liberal.  As is every other candidates articles unless their name is Sanders.
 ,He seems great. He may have trouble if no one ever says his last name. 
 ,Spoiler alert - Not a damn thing 
 ,There is no way back from this other then a systemic failure of our economy and institutions. Make no mistake our government is powerless to make the hard decisions and will be even more so if Trump is in power once those failures begin to occur.  The FED has practiced monetary policy knowing full well this failure is coming and rather then take the lumps now they have removed their own weapons to combat poor economic conditions by practicing QE for far too long while leaving interest rates at near zero for too long a period. The problem of course is normalized interest rates means the evaporation of trillions of dollars in real estate liquidity and the potential failure of more banks considered too big to fail.  Bottom line:We are one bad day away from being Venezuela. 
 ,We need a trust buster to break up the oligopolies and cartels in our economy. 
 ,Oligopolies are functionally not different from monopolies. 
 ,That kid is my new hero
 ,Don't call them the strongmen call them the bullies.  The bullies strike back.
 ,Right now I’m thinking Elizabeth Warren. She’s got the most consistent socially and economically progressive policies and takes no shit from republican dirt bags. That said I will vote for whoever wins the democratic primary to stop the orange nightmare. 
 ,I'm not picky anymore lol. Just an adult and not trump. Harris Biden Booker... even Beto Bernie or Warren. 
 ,Unless Joe the 3rd changes his mind I'm voting for a young tech dude who wants to fix the Myspace problem.
 ,I will vote for Andrew Yang. He has ideas that benefit everyone and really look forward to the oncoming economic and social issues that we as a country haven't been thinking enough about. 
 ,I will not vote for a democrat but I will vote for a liberal. 
 ,Bernie checks off literally *all* my policy desires. I supported him in 2016 and I will support him in 2020. I also like Warren. Her policy to break up Google/Facebook etc is great and I'm watching to see if other Democrats adopt it.I kind of wish either Warren or Bernie would have run but not both as I think they'll split the progressive vote. I want a progressive nominee. Andrew Yang is great too. I'm glad someone is talking about UBI. If my state had ranked-choice voting I'd put him number one but strategically I'm voting for Bernie in the primary.Kamala Harris will have to rectify her tough on crime past to me but I like that she's for M4A and MJ legalization (despite locking up countless people for MJ.)Beto voted with Trump 30% of the time and is against M4A. He's the only Dem that's a 100% no-go for me in the primaries. The other candidates are acceptable to me and are at least relatively progressive compared to Democratic candidates we've had in the past and I see that as progress.I will vote for whoever wins the Democratic nomination in the general election. 
 ,I’m voting for whoever runs against Trump. If I could pick I like Kamala Harris and Cory Booker - it’s a coin toss. Harris is preference because it’s long past time a women become president but would be happy with either.
 ,I like Elizabeth Warren for her wonkiness and smarts but will vote for whoever is running against Trump. 
 ,Right now I've dismissed Sanders Gabbard O'Rourke and probably Biden.  The rest I'll get a better picture of closer to the debates.
 ,Donald Trump
 ,Not sure about the part saying “the Greatest Generation tried its best to scour from the earth” this type of racist ideology. That generation came back to Jim Crow America and blithely pretty much ignored things until the Civil Rights Movement thrust it to the forefront. They sure didn’t seem to do much about entrenched anti-Semitism here either. Scouring from Europe doesn’t count as “the earth” folks. I guess hence the article title but still...
 ,Anybody who works with rednecks knows this. 
 ,https://i.imgur.com/1mnm18S.jpghttps://i.imgur.com/BDeGpwu.jpghttps://i.imgur.com/yRMBR6A.jpg Got these from an angry trump supporter today. They were sent in response to my support of Lucy Lawless’ reply to Donald trumps tweet. These are the ppl in trumps base does this sound like a person that should be living in society with the rest of us? These ppl make up nearly half of my country. 
 ,[deleted]
 ,I can't wait to see the talking points in opposition to this.  I am fully confident they will be rationale based in reason and not at all controlled by outside interests. 
 ,Republicans are anti-intellectualism. 
 ,I'm sure nobody would EVERRRR oppose that
 ,Im all for this but I also think they should make where their funding is coming from transparent. Too many times has "science" been used to spread lies and misinformation. 
 ,hi bill.
 ,"Stop Abortion Now"&#x200B;I agree! Let's get rid of abstinence-only education give people low-cost or free contraception and make raising kids affordable!
 ,Christians are so stupid. 
 ,Republicans hate women.
 ,morons.
 ,I wonder what these states all have in common? I can’t quite put my finger on what they share...
 ,They are begging for a Supreme Court case. 
 ,Collusion.   Vote red you get corruption and collusion.
 ,So no one paid attention to how this went in Ireland.
 ,Well guess they're going to go back to the old coat-hanger method.Counterproductive misguided moral bullshit to appease the religious who find an "unborn child" (fetus) to be so sacred that they feel the right to dictate what you can do with your own body but say fuck you to those already here and struggling.
 ,Wow
 ,"Forcing me to buy health insurance is tyranny."
 ,One of his supporters has already attempted the largest political assassination plot in the history of this country so it’s pretty well known how violent his followers are. The targeted officials and law enforcement were lucky that he was so inept but that was sheer luck. It might have been the worst political bloodbath in our country’s history and if someone else attempted it again they might be more effective https://www.nytimes.com/2018/10/26/us/cesar-sayoc-bombing-suspect-arrested.html
 ,What a vile piece of shit we have for a president.
 ,These people (Trump included) are like kids who threaten school shootings.  Whether you believe they intend to or not you can't keep letting them endanger everyone else.  You throw them the hell out.
 ,How is this not a seditious conspiracy?https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2384
 ,Trump calling all maga bombers.
 ,I feel like Trump’s message has a tendency to almost magnetically attract some violent supporters and boneheads. Probably because he endorses violence. Maybe that’s it... Who knows.
 ,So does anyone in their right mind think a redneck army is going to stand up to drones and modern warfare? 
 ,well both Houses of Congress just stood their grounds in opposing Donald Chump’s emergency-power border wall so we got that going for us ...pending some impactful revelations it’s just a hop skip & a jump to standing their ground in passing the inevitable articles of impeachment threatening your population as potus is unacceptable 
 ,[Pinocchio Trump]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtz4TEcQ-y4﻿) is becoming more unhinged every freaking day!  I don't care if Pelosi doesn't want to impeach him we should write to all our senators to get this guy out of office pronto before it's too late! 
 ,Fuck Trump and his Thugs !
 ,Give us a reason you goddamn fascists.
 ,It’s been less than a day since this piece of shit prompted his base and one of his adherents has already launched a terror attack in New Zealand. These sick fucks disgust me and I hope he is eventually held legally responsible for every act of terror he has inspired in the past two years.
 ,Why is he allowed to threaten us?
 ,Come at me bro! I fucking dare you...
 ,Trump is a divider not a uniter. 
 ,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkhc0wplWnk
 ,But it's okay to give up our guns while all of this is going on... papa government will take care of us. Wait...
 ,Now that the 1% have defeated organized labor in this country they will NEVER allow it to flourish again.If you think they will not resort to using Pinkerton like physical force (enhanced by 21st century surveillance and technology of course) you are kidding yourself.
 ,As far as I see it the more the merrier in a primary this important. The wheat will soon be separated from the chaff.
 ,Sorry kinda new here what policy(s) are you most excited for? Thank you for your time and help! 
 ,Everyone's worried about Beto's moderate voting record but I don't think he's really much less liberal than the others. He was aiming to take out Ted Cruz  a good cause if I've ever seen one and he probably built a moderate record to help win that statewide race in Texas. Unless his vote was decisive in passing some bad conservative legislation -- and I don't think it ever was -- then I'd say the ends justify the means. If he pivots to the left during this primary that'll probably just be a truer reflection of his actual values than his voting record as a Texan targeting a statewide race.I also don't know what the people are smoking who think he should wait and run against Cornyn. If Texas won't even dethrone a universally detested quasi-lizard-creature like Ted Cruz in the face of one of the best Senate campaigns ever run by a Democrat then there's no way in hell they'd vote for that Democrat over Cornyn after just a few short years of demographic change. Texas Senate is out of reach for now. Beto can languish in obscurity for several more years or try to ride his current wave of popularity to the White House. Seems like an easy choice.
 ,Glad to see him in it and certainly gonna be in the running for my primary vote.
 ,Dont get me wrong I like Beto but I dont think this is the time for him. Maybe in 4-8 years after this next election.
 ,[removed]
 ,Thank goodness. We needed couple of more moderate individuals.
 ,[removed]
 ,#Yang2020
 ,we got to many running.  go bernie or joe 
 ,Eh
 ,We don’t need another scum bag billionaire 
 ,This makes me so happy!He is my first choice. He wants to serve all Americans not just his base. He is the unifier we sorely need at this point in history.
 ,😂
 ,Watch him become more progressive as the primaries start then fall back to his moderate stances if he makes it far into the race.I honestly like Hickenlooper the best. Moderate from the start and from a truly purple state.
 ,Mr. Art-of-the-Deal folks. Here’s yet another example of his amazing negotiations skills
 ,Why do they use such cringy names like “freshman” or “rising star” to refer to politicians. 
 ,> boycotting celebrity for offensive remark yelling off conservative speaker on campus or firing someone for offensive remark or opinionYou seem sarcastic so for one it is in fact an example of conservative censorship when they try to force liberals not to do those things.More answers: the control that social media companies exert over online discourse the attempts to squash science education/teaching of certain subjects.
 ,The OP seems to like to ask a lot of political and religious questions without participating very much. 
 , In 2014 Pennsylvania's Supreme Court sentenced Pittsburg rapper Mayhem Mal to two years in prison for "terroristic threats" and "witness intimidation." This conviction was based on his lyrics in “Fuck the Police” a song he rapped on as part of the group Ghetto SuperStar Committee. The song which borrows its title from N.W.A.’s “Fuck Tha Police” name checks officers who had arrested Mal whose real name is Jamal Knox for gun and drug possession in 2012 and refers to killing them and other cops. The officers claimed the lyrics made them feel threatened but Knox held that his lyrics weren’t meant to be taken literally and were a vehicle of his rap persona's expression not an indication of real action he intended to take. Now the federal Supreme Court is hearing his appeal case as his lawyers argue that his first amendment rights to free speech have been violated. The situation is kicking up a larger debate about whether rap lyrics can qualify legally as a threat. &#x200B;[https://www.vice.com/en\_us/article/zma8ax/rappers-are-defending-their-right-to-anti-cop-lyrics-in-the-supreme-court?utm\_source=vicefbus&fbclid=IwAR39B126FFm7yMHlOLEDYN6TcXF6oaY-ATHpJ5qFsDK2lA10RdnZb-i\_exM&utm\_source=reddit.com](https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/zma8ax/rappers-are-defending-their-right-to-anti-cop-lyrics-in-the-supreme-court?utm_source=vicefbus&fbclid=IwAR39B126FFm7yMHlOLEDYN6TcXF6oaY-ATHpJ5qFsDK2lA10RdnZb-i_exM&utm_source=reddit.com)
 ,Think about it  who do you know that even owns a radio?
 ,I agree that we could really use a blue collar and country folks radio presence that could put things in such a way as to get through on a more personal or even localized level. At one time during the 70s there were several "southern rock" bands that appealed to younger country type folks who just weren't as uptight as their parents. So we know it can be done. Because you are right at the moment it's largely a vacuum. We need another *All In The Family* too.
 ,[removed]
 ,I’m a huge Beto fan. Even if he doesn’t get top of the ticket VP Beto is an excellent way to motivate younger voters.  I’m excited he’s joining the primary party. 
 ,I really like Beto but I fear that too many popular democratic candidates running will split the vote too much.
 ,[removed]
 ,Bots will downvote but go for Andrew Yang 
 ,Well I would describe it as a potential reality that hasn't been *actually tried* much. In other words not that things *couldn't be* that way just that they *aren't.*That being said hell yeah! The way I learned this lesson was by encountering both a doctor and a lawyer who were frighteningly uninformed incurious and ultimately incompetent.Rich people will all try and tell you that they got where they are through "hard work." Hell Trumpf describes his kids as "thoroughbreds." They are all dumb as rocks.What really disturbs me is thinking of all the stunning achievements that could have been made by the poor and people of color if the affluent pricks weren't so convinced that "those people" are worthless and stupid.
 ,Its a scandal that rich people get into college with low SAT scores but if a certain racial group gets into college with the same low scores nobody bats an eye. &#x200B;The Bronx High School of Science and other NY public magnet schools have generate as many Nobel prizewinners than Phillips and Exeter combined and it is mostly working class Asians. You don't need to be rich to succeed and immigrants who come here penniless and end up rich in a couple of generations are proof of that.
 ,Good - we need full transparency particularly for Trump but also whoever comes after him regardless of party.
 ,This is such a good acronym perhaps better than USA PATRIOT act
 ,This is what we're paying Senators to do all day? What good does knowing the name of someone who met with Trump do for anyone if you don't know what they discussed? I wonder how many tax payer funded hours of deliberation it took to come up with that acronym.
 ,They said the Affordable Care Act was the worst thing since slavery but they couldn't tell you why. They had seven years to come up with something better but got their assess kicked at every town hall meeting for trying to kill it.
 ,Hypocrisy;They will defend Judeo-Christian values but they will also defend Donald Trump-- who has disobeyed nearly every one of the ten commandments is overall a greedy deceptive person and generally seems to have no interest in helping the poor. (Which is one of the most important of those Judeo-Christian values)I have often heard them call the President a good "Christian."
 ,For feelings over facts try talking to those who believe in a national emergency at the border or indeed that Immigrants from South and Central America are criminals. We know as a fact that Immigrants even those from South of the border commit less crime than U.S. natives.I'm not sure which feeling this is other than casual racism disguised as caution but it is a feeling.
 ,Violent Protests; while not strictly a protest it was a political and violent affair. The Charlottesville Unite The Right Rally.A YouTube personality called Shaun made a pretty in-depth video about this subject.
 ,NPCness and Snowflakery are not real qualities they are buzzwords to invalidate the feelings and opinions of others either because they are overly-emotional or they reuse an argument or talking point from someone-else-- neither of which I think are necessarily wrong.
 ,GOP:  Gaslight Obstruct and ProjectIt seems like these days there isn't much they do that ISN'T one of those three things.
 ,See Fox News
 ,Faux ’news’ - Fox reporting is just there to steer people to the less factual commentary by their personalities. They also give little attention to stories that hurt them elevate stories that frighten or anger the audience about their political scapegoats and frequently give reporting time to stories they know are false in order to plant them with the audience before eventually retracting them days later. **trump Lies** - https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/06/23/opinion/trumps-lies.html?action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=opinion-c-col-right-region&region=opinion-c-col-right-region&WT.nav=opinion-c-col-right-region&_r=0The president averaged nearly 5.9 false or misleading claims a day in his first year in office. He hit nearly 16.5 a day in his second year. So far in 2019 he’s averaging nearly 22 claims a day. (Washington Monthly)
 ,Can Congress subpoena Fox News?The coordinated messaging & attacks are absurd
 ,I started to ask why they can't sue/prosecute fox news for all the lies and slander but I remembered that they cunningly package/disguise their "opinion" pieces as "news". O'Reilly did it Beck did it Hannity does it -and people believe it. The second amendment is of paramount importance to a democracy but somehow we've got to stop the willful destructive seditious misinformation onslaught.
 ,**r/FoxFiction**
 ,trumpleThinSkin’s impeachable offenses - and/or Crimes Against Humanity: - Emoluments Profiting from the office.- Conspired with a foreign nation to swing the election.  trump is the unindited co-consprirator to felony campaign finance violations.- Obstructed justice to cover up said conspiracy.- Endless failures to carry the duty and dignity of the office.- used insecure communication devices- Possible blackmail of several senators and possibly a Supreme Court justice?- Instigating RACIST attacks (Advocating Violence and Undermining Equal Protection Under the Law)- Abusing the Pardon Power- Hired illegal immigrants for decades- Witness Tampering and Sharing State Secrets with Foreign Powers Using Presidential Office to illegally attack Private Companies…- Human-Caused Climate Change DENIAL- Money Laundering tax evasion- Accusations of rape and sexual assault- Directing Law Enforcement to Investigate and Prosecute Political adversaries for improper and unjustifiable Purposes- Undermining the Freedom of the Press- Violated Campaign Finance Laws- Cruelly and Unconstitutionally imprisoning Children and their Families in American Concentration Camps - update: children dying in American Concentration Camps- Impeach trump https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Efforts_to_impeach_Donald_Trump 
 ,Sounds like he is taking golf lessons from his buddy Kim Jong-un. 
 ,got to keep up.....[Kim Jong-Il once carded 38-under par at Pyongyang Golf Course](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=2&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwjOkp_93_rgAhVQn-AKHZK0AUQQFjABegQIBRAB&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.thestar.com%2Fsports%2Fgolf%2F2011%2F12%2F19%2Fkim_jongil_once_carded_38under_par_at_pyongyang_golf_course.html&usg=AOvVaw2tQ-mMY9-KKOySQH5qADQR)just sayin...
 ,He's awarded himself a "champion" title 20 times at his own golf courses over the past two decades but has never won anything anywhere else.
 ,Anyone else hoping for heart attack? Aneurism? Stroke? I just wanna piss on his grave. 
 ,#non_participation_trophy
 ,how do the clowns who surround him put up with hes nonsense do they just have no integrity
 ,Funny how the people that despise other people being “handed things” like health insurance are always being handed things. Hypocrites? 
 ,Is this news now? I don't care about what Trump does at his golf courses I care what he does for America. We as a subreddit shouldn't sink to this level. 
 ,That's some Kim Jong Un level shit.
 ,Another example that everything about him is fake and a lie.
 ,He has fake Time Man of the Year magazines why not fake golf championships too?
 ,Cohen did call Him " a Cheat '!
 ,God he's so unhealthy looking.
 ,he simply crawled around
 ,>Trump beat Virtue in the one-on-one competition but agreed to be co-champions with him.And by beat they mean lost. 
 ,I guess you become a golf champion after playing every day of your presidency 
 ,pensi
 ,trump (and republicans) - using the Nazi playbook:**“Make the lie big make it simple keep saying it and eventually they will believe it.”**—Adolf Hitler
 ,lol just like the letter from an old employee praising him or some shit...... 
 ,I would love to take a tractor and just plough through from beginning to endLet's see his scorecard then?
 ,You guys do know you care more about him than he does right? This is what’s pissing you off? Really? Try not to think about Trump for a day and you’ll realize how he doesn’t matter as much as you think.
 ,Yep he needs more dumb citizens to vote for him and alike. 
 ,[deleted]
 ,Dumb begets more dumb. In the age of rising flat earth and antvaxx we can’t afford this.
 ,Republicans are COWARDS - If trump was a democrat he would already have been impeached...
 ,But this is historic! It’s our chance to make a hot white guy married to a billionaire president.
 ,[removed]
 ,Is this a joke? 
 ,[deleted]
 ,He is not worth it. Saving the Republic is.
 ,It’s a good article. If you haven’t read it in full then I highly recommend doing so. The quote seems odd but from reading the context it’s obvious she wanted this line to get out. She’s a pro and knows what she’s doing. In truth unless there’s votes in the senate to convict him impeachment is the less desired result. It’s better if he’s voted out. It would be less divisive.Why make a martyr of the syphilitic orangutan. 
 ,Old Dems care more about power than policy. Trump. In office is good for fund raising. Oh well. Hopefully someone primaries Nancy and others. 
 ,They won’t be able to vote him out until he’s indicted. Even then there’s a chance Republicans won’t budge. He’d have to be forcibly removed from office.
 ,trumpleThinSkin’s impeachable offenses - and/or Crimes Against Humanity: - Emoluments Profiting from the office.- Conspired with a foreign nation to swing the election.  trump is the unindited co-consprirator to felony campaign finance violations.- Obstructed justice to cover up said conspiracy.- Endless failures to carry the duty and dignity of the office.- used insecure communication devices- Possible blackmail of several senators and possibly a Supreme Court justice?- Instigating RACIST attacks (Advocating Violence and Undermining Equal Protection Under the Law)- Abusing the Pardon Power- Hired illegal immigrants for decades- Witness Tampering and Sharing State Secrets with Foreign Powers Using Presidential Office to illegally attack Private Companies…- Human-Caused Climate Change DENIAL- Money Laundering tax evasion- Accusations of rape and sexual assault- Directing Law Enforcement to Investigate and Prosecute Political adversaries for improper and unjustifiable Purposes- Undermining the Freedom of the Press- Violated Campaign Finance Laws- Cruelly and Unconstitutionally imprisoning Children and their Families in American Concentration Camps - update: children dying in American Concentration Camps- Impeach trump https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Efforts_to_impeach_Donald_Trump 
 ,She speaks the true true 
 ,I wish more Democrats would keep reminding people of this. Everybody just moved on like it's no big deal. They even call him "the President" and not "the confessed sexual predator in the White House." Just because the news cycle moved on for ratings purposes doesn't mean everyone has to pretend Donald Trump is anything more than what we saw on the Access Hollywood tape and his racist birther campaign. He isn't. It's sickening how he's been normalized just because people get bored with one scandal as the next pops up.
 ,Just saying it is NOT OK for Trump to use his all-purpose "crazy female" put-down whenever he feels his hands (and other parts) shrinking in response to a strong female.  
 ,Preach! 
 ,The guy literally bragged about it for half a century.
 ,There is nothing wrong with being a crazy female. There is however something seriously wrong with being an admitted sexual predator. 
 ,Wrong
 ,x post from /r/pete_buttigieg
 ,> The decision to go after O’Rourke whose spokesman didn't respond to a request for comment reflects a fear that he would mobilize the millennial and suburban voters who powered the Democratic 2018 House takeover and imperil Trump’s reelection. Republicans would be at risk of losing Texas if O'Rourke is the Democratic standard bearer said Club for Growth President David McIntosh.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Couldn’t even beat a bag of slugs in a skin suit.
 , Racial and ethnic equality across the board means work and it will NEVER  be conquered by just niceness on the part of those being oppressed  people of Color as so many majority population people want &  desire.   It's amazing that a nation that took almost everything  by force using violence extreme violence whenever necessary or not  necessary now wants those who were walked upon their ancestors  murdered slaughtered lands stolen and wealth stolen to be only  non-violent sweet and nice in their approach to gain equality and  fairness.   Such hypocrisy smells to high heaven!  
 ,I thought they did that all ready.
 ,It's frustrating because the public taxes are what will pay those suits. It should be coming out of the individuals in the administration. Namely Trump Nielsen Sessions and Miller. 
 ,Greg Abbott makes Rick Perry seem like Ann Richards. Absolute worst Governor Texas has ever had by a damned country mile. Just a steaming pile of corruption wealth fellatio and lizard brained tribalist wedging.
 ,I’ll take 100 for things everyone saw coming Alex
 ,To the pardoner in chief that probably sounds like a dare 
 ,Please let this happen 
 ,Pelosi already said she wont do it. Coward
 ,Which side of the issue is he on?
 ,Lying fuck this woman has no shame
 ,[deleted]
 ,If they were separating and locking up guns in cages away from parents the RACIST GOP would lose their fucking minds and have spittle flying from their foaming mouths by now.But it’s just children in American CONCENTRATION CAMPS… trump (and republicans) - using the Nazi playbook:**“Make the lie big make it simple keep saying it and eventually they will believe it.”**—Adolf Hitler
 ,Lying Bitch like her trashy animal boss
 ,The exchange with Bennie Thompson:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgppNFR_D3gThe exchange with Bonnie Watson: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qDFt0SDRsg#t=8m10s
 ,Yeah they use cages for animals and put children in them instead.
 ,Republicans are the scum of the universe. 
 ,It doesn’t matter what they’re called. You could call it a portable containment unit if you wanted. Call it a cage call it a cell call it a room whatever. What it is is an inhumane inadequate living space that contains kids that have been separated from their families. It doesn’t matter if it’s a cage or a room at a five star hotel. Family separation is wrong period. 
 ,Not all steel fencing that has one entrance that locks is a cage.  Some of these are storage lockers.  So we just put the kids in storage.     /s
 ,[deleted]
 ,They're not migrants. Migrants don't get deported. LOL! Jump the border. Get put in a cage. 
 ,Yeah. That is clearly the highest priority we need our politicians tackling. 
 ,I really think it should be more like 19 or 20. Basically I'm not sure you should give really new drivers easier access to alcohol. 
 ,I don't disagree but I think that's pretty low down on the priorities list. Either way dems are more likely to take action and get to a point where that would be actionable. But that would likely be no time in the near future. 
 ,Criminals want to have laws removed. Not a great idea to listen to the people being regulated  There’s a good reason why the drinking age is 21. Democratic politicians won’t touch that. Perhaps you have some reasons why it should be lowered other than 18 year olds want it. 
 ,alcohol is the most dangerous drug.  i would support free lsd over alcohol 
 ,They didn’t seem to mind the excessive number of investigations about Benghazi and now they claim overreach. This is the job of Congress—oversight. In their minds Congress’ job is solely to block any Democratic initiatives.
 ,The same thing was said from opposite parties during the Clinton impeachment. I don’t think the lie is that big. Normal politics 
 ,Next twist is that Trump was born in Kenya and Melania is a man. 
 ,I’m Eric!
 ,This bullshit reality is so old now. 
 ,This sounds like what republicans used to be like here maybe 10-20 years ago. They’ve started to get more radical and it actually scares me. A lot of my conservative friends family and coworkers will defend Trump and policies that completely contradict old conservative staples like small government and fiscal responsibility. It’s very tribal and they just suck in the propaganda without seeming to have real values. 
 ,The republican spin is - school choice is good for parents private enterprise does things better than government can.The motivation is - you can't profit off government schools so let's siphon off the funds into something we can grift.  Our buddies can set up "online high schools" taught by people who don't have a degree and dumb people can send their kids there while we get a cut of the state's education budget to run it.And - bonus - we can teach them that evolution is fake and jesus rode a dinosaur to save you from birth control.
 ,Their actions indicate that they consider it unimportant.....
 ,Sounds like you have it about right. Funding is almost always less in red states and scores are usually lower in red states. There are a few exceptions but often in those exceptions they are the red states that pay the most for education out of the red states. For example midwestern red states usually pay more for education....and score better than southern red states that on average pay less. Texas a "southern-ish" red state pays more for education than many other southern states and does better. Capitalists should underatand that quality isnt free. 
 ,They certainly want their own kids to go to good schools but by and large could care less if anyone else’s gets a substandard or inadequate education. This is especially true for kids that aren’t white and don’t live in tree lined suburbs. Generally speaking republicans don’t give two shits about anyone or anything unless it affects them.
 ,They don’t give a shit about public education because they know wealthy people will always find good private schools. So public schools that are funded based on tax revenue and scores are systematically oppressed until the point where the schools get shut down and the only option is charted schools. That way the people that run chartered schools will profit off what used to be a free right for all children in this country. That’s why Betsy Devos who owns charted schools is the Secretary of Education. It’s so blatant. Privatized education is the republican(big business) dream like privatized prisons is as well.
 ,Short answer is yes. 
 ,I hope that republicans are starting to see how mentally ill trump is. He's not only unqualified but he's almost psychotic.Republicans need to wake up to the fact that they are enabling trumps mental illness by still supporting him.  They would do trump a favor by starting impeachment which will make trump resign.  
 ,Imagine if Hillary had won and had then made Chelsea a top advisor? People would freak.
 ,What a dirty uneducated idiot 
 ,Arrest Trump and the Entire Family !
 ,I get your enthusiasm being new to this.... but no one is taking the fight against T_D. There is no point. Everyone there that’s an actual human is pretty far gone from reality at this point the rest are just Russian bots repeating the daily talking points. Basically... it’s a lost cause but they are protected by special status by Reddit so we just downvote and move on.What you Can do to make a real impact is to contact your local Democratic Party headquarters.  Find out who your local reps are and if any elections are coming up. Consider volunteering or donating to local members who reflect your views. This will have far more impact than trying to rage at the beast that is t_d.
 ,[deleted]
 ,Learning compassion is a long but rewarding road. I'm gay and latin so I should have understood first hand how hard it is to be hated blindly by others... Yet it still took me a long time (and a lot of effort) to unlearn racism homophobia Islamophobia and transphobia. It took me even longer to get rid of religion and spiritual beliefs. Good luck as you continue to expand your mind and heart.
 ,You haven't defected you have escaped. Welcome
 ,Welcome. We’re glad to have you over here on the liberal side. While I can’t promise each and every one of us are as accepting as we ought to be we do give it a good go ~ we’re a long way from the hell from whence you escaped me thinks. I hope you enjoy your new political home on Reddit. 
 ,Coming from Conservitism to balance and now here I wish you the best of luck. What pulled me from the right was a lot of study and historical research defining terminology and constantly information mining to figure out what works and what doesn't. I hope you'll be able to use the lessons learned from your past so we all can have a better future together. Welcome and good luck. 
 ,>Calloused indifference (like what is demonstrated in t_d) requires no courage strength or utility.    Well put. That is mode of operation for the rightwing. Welcome friend!    Your story reminds me of Platos allegory of the cave. We are glad you have come out of the cave and are seeing the world not the fox news shadows lit by candlelight meant to keep you ignorant and compliant. The world is a difficult place but not full of the fear and hate they spread.
 ,Congrats! It’s tough to undergo that kind of mental change. Glad to hear you did it because you see the need to treat people with more dignity and respect versus doing it purely for political convenience or something. How we treat the people around us is a reflection of our souls.
 ,Kudos OP. I escaped a very conservative ethos too. It feels so good to be free to show compassion for those that on the surface appear to be different but upon inspection really aren't eh? Cheers and congrats.
 ,I used to be a Christian conservative raised in a very conservative household. It took my mother spitting screaming like a child crying and physically pulling and shoving me one night all because I said I didn’t want to vote for trump to make me realize that there was something really really wrong. Unfortunately I know too many people who are like her as well. It’s like some kind of mental illness or personality disorder. Shit was fucked up.
 ,Welcome it ain't easy t_d irl is enabling a lot of hate and bigotry these days.   We gotta fight and push that shit back to the fringes.
 ,[deleted]
 ,You might be interested in r/BreadTube... :)
 ,You're a conservative but how much time do you spend on t_d?Ever heard of r/Tuesday?
 ,This whole comment seems like a troll.  I just don't see your original position as acceptable regardless of your 'apparent' sudden turnabout.  /r/TD is bottom of the barrel beyond offensive and completely divisive.  What you didn't see that before?  You thought you were doing the right thing?  How many times did you call Trump GEOTUS?  How many of your posts were driven by scorn for SJW's or liberals?  What's your excuse for not seeing it?  I'm of the mindset that the only way to respond to Trump is to call out Trump supporters wherever possible to assign a cost in some way to their disgusting beliefs / willful ignorance.  You supported Trump and your own internal sense of logic and morality wasn't enough to see through his OBVIOUS con and constant blatant immorality.  So in my mind you certainly still deserve criticism at the very least the type of criticism an idiot gets for being an idiot.Also your turnabout was self-serving and it would seem you only modified your beliefs in order to align more closely to your wife's.  This should not have been necessary.  You should not have had to wait for something to affect you to know whether its right or wrong but sadly this is typified by practically all conservatives and especially Trump supporters.  You're still apparently of this mind-set as it pertains to anyone with a non-binary gender (saw a post you made less than a week ago).  So it doesn't seem like you're capable of giving a crap outside your own interests.If you really did have a change of heart which I'm skeptical of then I'm glad.  But you should still be deeply ashamed of yourself.  And by the way you might want to consider being a bit more opened minded towards transsexuals (they actually exist) and reality could give a crap about your binary view of gender which OBVIOUSLY exists on a spectrum.  This is especially true of someone that apparently hasn't been able to differentiate right for wrong for most of his life.  Maybe be more humble in general and stop trying to express beliefs that have the potential effect of oppressing others.  
 ,Welcome sounds like you are in the right place. I'm sorry you were treated so badly in T_D. They get away with a lot of bad behavior that breaks reddit's rules. Unfortunately there are jerks everywhere. It does take a lot of strength to care about others. It's easy to throw up walls and refuse to listen.
 ,Congrats.  Expect some blowback from your friends.  I've been treated very harshly by people because of my views.  Lost some friends.  Just acknowledging that injustices exist is enough to make some people totally lose their shit. 
 ,I'm just glad you had understanding people in your family who came to know and love your wife for who she was.There are unfortunately a few families who never quite get past that way of thinking.I have to confess that a long time ago I was surrounded by mostly conservative thinkers and it took me a while to realize that I was closer to the left than I originally thought. I always felt a bit uncomfortable watching Fox News with them and listening to the talking points they brought up sometimes it made me wish I was somewhere else.I think my real turning point is when my best friend (at the time) tried to defend the killing of an unarmed black man. I remember getting into a big argument about how the guy had not harmed anyone or done anything actually deserving of being shot to death by police and it turned into a big thing. I don't think our friendship was quite the same after that but it sure opened my eyes.Prejudice is everywhere. Racism is everywhere even if you don't always realize it. You have to know what to look for and try to avoid it even if you might distance yourself from people you used to be close to.You will feel like a healthier person by letting go of feelings that are proven to be irrational and based in fear. That's what I've learned in my years of finding myself and coming to terms with my political identity. I never want to be made synonymous with the same kind of festering hate and fear that is currently overtaking the far right.I almost was though. A long time ago.
 ,Glad you're outta there but it's still pretty mind-boggling that an intelligent non-racist person was there in the first place. You say that your politics have been changing for 5 years but you still supported a man completely unqualified just 2 years ago. So basically you have finally learned to use common sense. Don't be offended if I don't think common sense isn't something that deserves praise. It's a minimum requirement in a complicated world and using it doesn't really warrant a pat on the back. > I was threatened doxed insulted.But you weren't banned? I was banned after my first post and it wasn't even accusatory. I was simply asking a question. If you were truly critical in any way you would have been banned.Sorry if this post seems a little harsh but it's not really praise-worthy to finally after 2+ years stop supporting a man who breaks the law almost daily.
 ,I was raised by conservative Republican parents. Rush Limbaugh on the car radio every morning on my way to a private Christain school. Joined the Army out of high school (and dealt with the dominant political "philosophies" you might expect from a bunch of Infantry guys)  So I get it. You made the right choice. 
 ,Nice work OP. Checked your post history and this is legit. 
 ,I had a similar situation just check out my trumpgret post for context - https://www.reddit.com/r/Trumpgret/comments/au4m2b/text_posts_dont_work_so_ill_put_this_here/
 ,Thank you for sharing your perspective. Defected is such a loaded term...I think it sounds like you achieved something positive. Loving someone with vastly different life experience can broaden one’s outlook and it certainly sounds like this has been positive for you. 
 ,Welcome!
 ,There's many parallels between you and I - I was raised very conservative and simply voted party lines (R) for a very long time.The past 5-6 years I woke up and actually started paying attention to the messages from politicians and issues were facing locally and nationally as a community and not simply how it may impact me as an individual.I think it's healthy to always question your stance on many topics - I don't think anyone is stagnate on their beliefs but some of us do tend to get lazy.I still occasionally vote for Republicans or R back l backed propositions my political views are all over the place.I may even go back to being a liberal conservative if the GOP can somehow pull their collective head out of their...and come back to reality.
 ,was it your mom changing religion that got you thinking?
 ,Republicans are in a cult now. It is very hard to quit
 ,How would you be able to convince your 18 year old self to do what you have done... without dating/marrying someone from a different social group. How do we reach trump fans that may never have that personal link to make them reflect? 
 ,Mind if I share this?
 ,Cool
 ,Yeah this entire post is bullshit you just posted this two days ago>I post on r/T_D to troll and challenge headass
 ,[removed]
 ,look for cadance owens look at the vice libs vs democrats.. ur just taking her word for it without investigating.  
 ,You won't find any call to action on here. You're better off on r/CTH.
 ,Seems like a lot of work when you could get any Sinclair media outlet to pump out all the lies you want as long as they're good for Republicans. 
 ,A lot of surreal/highly ironic sub-reddits like [r/antifastonetoss/](https://www.reddit.com/r/antifastonetoss/) r/okbuddyretard etc are pretty liberal and have some great memes
 ,> But Romero Perez's conviction was declared a mistrial after another judge discovered that Robison's conduct during the hearings was not in accordance with the law.A warning? He should loose his job. 
 ,Typical trump republican coward tactic
 ,Trump will set a bad precedent if he vetoes this.
 ,Has trump had to veto anything yet? Maybe he’ll just sign it by accident. 
 ,Just trick him and not tell him what he's signing. Or tell him it's part of the paperwork to get the ball rolling on the whole national emergency thing.
 ,Don't get me wrong I'm glad to see any fight against this bullshit.But if congress passes a bill and the President vetoes it what is there to bring to the courts?
 ,These theatrics are getting old. 
 ,“Undermining system of checks and balances”  Yeah I agree Congress has too much power
 ,Oh don't worry most people know.I've been very actively invested in the stock market for the past year and I've never seen it decline like it has under Trump.For clarification I have observed it on and off for at least a few years. Only became a big time investor as of late.It was a mistake. This is a terrible economy to invest in.Without decent world trade going on things are only going to get worse.
 ,You can be sure that the Donald is making high profits.
 ,This was obviously going to happen. Trade wars have consequences.
 ,I don't like him. I don't think this is a good idea though.
 ,Says the man who has never held a dead or dying child in his arms....
 ,Agreed. Just because I think it’s stupid. I don’t think forcing vaccinations sticks to our values
 ,Do antivaxxers reject the polio vaccine too? My god that's scary. You really do NOT want to mess around with polio. When my son was little I was not happy about vaccines because they were preserved with thimerosal which is mercury. Ha so was contact lens solution! But I did it anyway. Now they don't do that anymore do they? So is the objection that a tiny number of kids die from the vaccines?
 ,What an idiot. 
 ,Goodby Matt - the world (*Justice Department*) was never meant for someone beautiful (*sweaty & corrupt*) as you. 
 ,Good riddance.
 ,... "for good" 
 ,... and has been appointed Special Counsel investigating the Special Counsel.
 ,Go get em'All the complicit Republicans need to be locked up too.Squirtle the turtle McConnell and Lying Paul Ryan 
 ,Nice to see some real investigations being done. 
 ,I hope they dont bring any lube.
 ,I like the guy falling asleep. I would imagine these to be among the less entertaining proceedings. 
 ,LOCK THEM UP 
 ,I love this photo and how it shows Rep. Collins in anguish because he can no longer protect Donald Trump.
 ,Are you now or have you ever been an obstructor of justice? Can you provide to the committee the names of others who have obstructed justice?Could expand to a few hundred officials perhaps.
 ,I'm glad Mueller and SDNY are investigating Trump.I think these committees should largely stay out of it (other than giving people like Michael Cohen a chance to testify in public).I think their hearts are in the right place but generally they have no idea what they're doing. 99% of them have no idea how to question a witness. Ocasio-Cortez seemed to be the only competent person at the Cohen hearing and it took her 2 mins to ask her questions out of 7 hours.
 ,Some of these I don't understand.  They have the FBI on the list.  Are they going to question each person that works there?  The janitor?  File clerks?  You'd think they could be a little more specific on quite a few of those.  
 ,Let’s start Satanist churches and demand taxpayers pay handle the infrastructure cost.
 ,Im starting the First Church of Lemmy. 
 ,SCOTUS is going to force taxpayer support religion of Christianity. There fixed it for you.If it was any other religious organization the Supreme Court would not have voted to hear this case.
 ,I dunno not sure if this is a hill to die on. While I agree it's a slippery slope there are some buildings that church or not ought to be preserved. But mostly I mean like super old ones with serious structural issues. Perhaps there could be a system where such a building could apply for a special exception to the rightful separation of church and state. But certainly not to gussy up your 50 year old god-bothering hut.
 ,You’re the target demographic. /s
 ,Dunno I blocked them on myself and no longer see them.
 ,I still see them. Fuck Prager U.
 ,Because they pay money for it maybe? I don't mean that in a condescending way but I get stupid shit sent to me all the fucking time when it obviously has nothing to do with what I watch.
 ,did trump say this at CPAC?he's preaching to the choir.  this is what these people wanted to hear and he gave it to them.that's politics.  telling people what they want to hear for votes.there's only a small percentage of the populace who thinks like this and they all gathered in the same place at the same time in order to hear what they like hearingits all crap
 ,>he sewed divisions he sowed confusionHow did the author get one of those right and one of them wrong?
 ,Careful thar be trolls in this here thread! 
 ,Going straight for a Hitler analogy is way overdone.  
 ,**Compare trump with Hitler?** http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/adolf-hitler-donald-trump-mein-kampf-bluffed-way-to-power-nazi-leader-germany-fuhrer-us-president-a7568506.html**Neo-nazi's trying to rewrite history** https://medium.com/the-method/white-supremacists-are-creating-alternate-history-486903c747a3
 ,He grabs that flag like he grabs Ivanka. 
 ,Isn't Israel a Jewish state?
 ,Is this the sub with that one douche mod that is completely unhinged?
 ,I don't see anything wrong with preserving your heritage. That is not the same as exterminating the heritage of others which is what Hitler tried to do which is inexcusable.There are a lot of cool civilizations that are no longer around anymore because they were not able to preserve their heritage for various reasons e.g. Incas Aztecs ancient Egyptians Mayans Carthaginians etc.On the other hand some groups have done an amazing job of preserving their heritage over time despite a lot of turmoil (e.g. Jews) and that's clearly been a good thing.
 ,Does anyone actually believe Trump is remotely comparable to Hitler? The dude killed millions and millions of people to consolidate his power.You don’t have to be a fan to recognize this isn’t a good analogy
 ,Yeah that really seems like a stretch
 ,[removed]
 ,Look I don’t like Trump but god what a stupid statement. Americans have the right to be proud of themselves just like everybody else..
 ,Kavanaugh Criticizes `Pure Discrimination' Against Christian Churches.There fixed it for you.This is what he really meant to say. 
 ,Memorials are not historical artifacts.
 ,If only everyone didn't see this coming. 
 ,That’s how trade wars work. Only Trump base morons don’t know that. 
 ,One of the most insightful pieces I've read recently. And its only going to get worse as dementia sets in. 
 ,I thought it was ["Ambien's fault](https://catchmeup.info/?s=uKvqfdkW&show=3)  guess she's been trying to fall asleep for years
 ,Being obnoxious was always her calling card - this has always been who she is. Frankly I never thought she was funny and never understood how she had the career she did. Her moment is over but she doesn’t want to leave the stage. As this continues she’ll become more and more of a sad parody of an aging out of touch celebrity 
 ,She isn’t even relevant. 
 ,This is true. Hollywood is very immoral. We all know  this. Yes they went there planning to trade sexual favors for success. What they did is morally reprehensible and should be acknowledged as such.**That being said** that doesn't mean we can just excuse what the people on the top did. You arrest the cocaine dealer *and* the distributor not just one.
 ,Where is the lie?
 ,There's going to be a metric ton of dark money flowing into her campaign and not just from the Koch's. Her isolationist foreign policies are *extremely* popular with a certain hostile foreign power who would like nothing better than we cede global influence to them and that just so happens to be the same hostile foreign power that has recently shown no hesitation in attacking our elections. Expect her to be very well funded and expect her to ruthlessly attack other Democratic candidates both moderate and progressive in ways that validate the worst things that Trump is saying about them. 
 ,Welp she's off my list assuming the info in the article is correct. 
 ,I saved her as my sample size on the whole pay for Congressional employeesI decided Tulsi was a good one to use... paid for the most recent 3 months 04/01/18     06/30/18* OFFICE     MANAGER  ............................10500* LEGISLATIVE     CORRESPONDENT  ...........11250* SENIOR LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT  .......13749.99 * STAFF     ASSISTANT  ...........................9999.99 * PART-TIME     EMPLOYEE ......................6249.99 * CONSTITUENT OUTREACH LIAISON  ......6666.67 * SHARED     EMPLOYEE  ..........................3233.33 * STAFF     ASSISTANT  ..........................10500.00  * SHARED     EMPLOYEE ..........................3000.00 * SHARED     EMPLOYEE  ..........................2766.67 * SHARED     EMPLOYEE  ..........................250.00 * LEGISLATIVE     CORRESPONDENT  ..........9999.99 * SCHEDULER ...................................11250.00 * DEPUTY COMM DIRECTOR  .................14499.99 * CASEWORKER  .................................11583.33 * PRESS     ASSISTANT  .........................12000.00 * PART-TIME EMPLOYEE ......................6249.99 * CHIEF OF  STAFF ............................250.00 * SENIOR     ADVISOR  ..........................19500.00 * FIELD     REPRESENTATIVE  ...................13749.99 * STAFF     ASSISTANT  .........................7194.45 * MILITARY LEGISLATIVE ASSISTANT  ...13749.99
 ,Smears coming in 3 2 1 ...
 ,This is the guy who has been funding all these smear campaigns against the Congresswoman. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pierre_OmidyarWhy?
 ,Fuck
 ,Is this a russian blog post? 
 ,Tulsi and Dennis Kucinich both serve on the CSS advisory board as unpaid members. I hate the Kochtopus as much as anyone but I don't think it's fair to paint this as a "Tusli tied to Kochs" anymore than NPR and PBS are.   To be fair though does anyone have any information on what CSS is or what it actually stands for? Are they a primarily pro-peace bring the troops home libertarian group? If so that might not be damning (as I actually agree with libertarians on that though I have complete opposite views on their economic stances). 
 ,Not a coincidence that the only real anti-war candidate running in either party is being attacked non-stop. Most of You idiots are so busy worrying about Russian bots you're too blind to see that your being played and being force fed propaganda by the military industrial complex 
 ,fucking typical.  
 ,No chance for her. Moderate liberals and Bernie don't fit into the new radical agenda.
 ,What are some conspiracy theories you believe in?
 ,A lot of conservatives live in more rural areas and don't travel around a lot. I think when you get out and see the world and interact with diverse sets of people you are much less likely to believe in conspiracy theories. &#x200B;Also liberals are generally better educated. 
 ,They watch Fox News. 
 ,5/7 of your examples aren't specific to "right-wingers" there are just general popular conspiracy theories fortunately no one will have to read this stupid OP because we all died after the polar ice caps melted in 2006 due to global warming
 ,Thank God the Democratic Majority can walk and chew gum at the same time.   \- Stacey Plaskett  
 ,It never ends with these fools. Anything they do is either hypocritical or a projection.
 ,Republics attempted to kill the ACA many times despite it not being popular and yet this was a waste of time. Fucking spineless babies. 
 , They don't have to come next time...
 ,Actually they complained they could be doing something useful for the american people instead. Why don’t they get these benevolent thoughts when no one is watching? 
 ,Nobody cares what traitors think.
 ,Fuck the GOP !
 ,Wait... Diamond and Silk were at a congressional hearing giving testimony?
 ,Diplomats died at Benghazi.  
 ,BENGHAZI WAS A COVER UP
 ,In their defense americans died in a violent attack. Trump hasn't killed anyone in a violent attack.
 ,Uh Benghazi resulted in the death of several Americans our diplomat guns being run into Syria and mismanagement of military support and intelligence during a violent protest. That fucking mess EARNED a lengthy inquiry. Do not belittle the death of Vile Rat. He was a cool dude that knew shit was going bad. They all did. And our system failed them that day. 
 ,As a Trump supporter im happy about the way the media covered the testimony. The democrats/liberal media are underestimating the intelligence of the American people everyday.
 ,I hope so. No strike three.
 ,I'm a little baffled at this string of Republican power players acting so rashly in the face of such a sensitive situation. Are they really that desperate the head off public opinion in the face of a potential impeachment that they're willing to self-destruct to prevent a successful verdict against Trump? The hell is going on here?
 ,I hope the judge jails his big mouth.  
 ,It' going to get much much worse folks:The problem is trump needs a war he desperately wants a war. Any war will do.It's the only way left for him to distract from the upcoming Mueller indictments...
 ,They were counting on a pardon. Cohen faces charges beyond Trumps grasp and that flipped him. Stone is self desiring because of his personality disorder.
 ,Lock. Him. Up.
 ,Why is he not already?
 ,Consider me super skeptical at this point.  She read him the riot act over his Instagram bullshit but then only just made his gag order stricter.  It felt like it was just double secret probation or something.  I don't blame her for trying to avoid controversy and hopefully she's giving him plenty of rope to hang himself with.
 ,No he won't. These guys get as many strikes as they want because everyone is afraid of being labled as having bias. He will get another super stern talking to if even that.
 ,r/RogerForPrison
 ,Perfect solution.  What a creep
 ,I love this. Maybe he'll cry on his perp-walk.
 ,One can only hope - he certainly deserves it
 ,Lock him up. Lock him up!
 ,I'm OK with this.
 ,x post from /r/Pete_Buttigieg 
 ,Note: this article is satirical
 ,Matt Gaetz is a licensed attorney in Florida. His Bar Number is 48962. He violated 18 U.S.C. § 1512. He could be charged with a felony for witness tampering but this is also grounds for disbarment. Feel free call the Florida Bar and file an official complaint. The number is 1-866-352-0707.This is all public information but I figured it would be helpful to provide it for others.Thank you.Credit /u/andesajfSource:  https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Mueller/comments/av5304/rep_matt_gaetz_openly_committing_witness/ehd9f2r/
 ,Nothing will happen to him his fellow GOP traitors will protect their own. 
 ,But will there be consequences...
 ,Didn't he kind of blow his load threat wise by mentioning the girlfriend...I mean that is what he was going to threaten Cohen with revealing the girlfriend right?- or was there more.If that is the case can he be disbarred for stupidity?
 ,Whaaaaaaat? When did threatening a witness in a VERY PUBLIC manner become illegal?
 ,Can you imagine if Jared Kushner was threatened by a Democrat about HIS father-in-law and wife ?  Hmmmmmmm wonder if he would be in trouble?
 ,Eh it's totally fine. He totally apologized *and* deleted the Tweet!/s
 ,Trump does the same thing on twitter.  When's someone gonna lock him up??! 
 ,Florida bar doesn't seem impressed? https://www-m.cnn.com/2019/02/27/politics/gaetz-cohen-tweet-florida-bar/index.html?r=https%3A%2F%2Fen.m.wikipedia.org%2F&rm=1
 ,“Appears” sooo there isn’t proof
 ,/r/Duh
 ,I think Trump has been *good* for America in an indirect way.He has shown what the extremes of corruption self interest racism divisiveness and political cronyism can lead to. Whats more his ineptitude means that it is becoming highly visible what he is up to and what the consequences are.As a result America is getting angry new ideas and people to support them are emerging from a previously apathetic public. One could argue that without Trump we wouldn't have AOC Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren would still be considered too extreme to be taken seriously. Concepts such as progressive taxation universal health coverage and climate-protecting new energy sources would not even be on the agenda. It even looks like the undemocratic electoral college is in question along with voter selection and gerrymandering.Sometimes things have to get worse before they can get better.
 ,literally the same
 ,Hopefully we will try to learn from our mistakes. 
 ,It’s hard to predict six years from now. 
 ,Serious question how is he not facing jail time?
 ,How in God’s name are democrats not beating republicans over the head with this. It’s insane. The party that screams fake votes actually fake votes and you don’t even call them out on it. Edit: btw fuck you Harris I hope every day for the rest of your life there are people shouting outside your house LOCK HIM UP. You pathetic fake religious coward criminal. Fuck you. Piece of fucking shit
 ,>Mark Harris the Republican nominee in a North Carolina congressional race that was tainted by ballot fraud announced Tuesday that he will not run in the new election for the seat.>Harris said in a statement that he has decided not to seek the 9th District seat due to health problems.>“Given my health situation the need to regain full strength and the timing of this surgery the last week of March I have decided not to file in the new election for Congressional District 9” Harris said.>Harris has been recovering from a serious infection that had led to sepsis and two strokes.>He threw his support behind Union County Commissioner Stony Rushing whose record Harris said has “proven him to stand firm on so many of the issues that concern us including the issue of life our national security and religious freedom.”>North Carolina election officials last week ordered a new contest in the 9th District ending a dramatic months-long investigation focused on irregularities with mail-in ballots.>The board voted unanimously to throw out the November results between Harris and Democrat Dan McCready.>Harris an evangelical minister from Charlotte had led by 905 votes in unofficial returns. He was under scrutiny for hiring a political operative Leslie McCrae Dowless Jr. who allegedly assembled a crew of election workers to illegally collect fill out and forge mail-in ballots in two rural counties.>McCready began a new campaign for the seat last Friday.>Another Republican former North Carolina governor Pat McCrory ruled out running for the seat on Monday.>After hinting on Twitter over the weekend that he might enter the race McCrory said on his radio show that he would look at running again for governor or for a U.S. Senate seat in 2022 instead.>“My fire in the belly is teaching *[please lord no...]* and being a radio host and keeping the option open of running for governor or senator” he said on WBT Radio.
 ,Fake voter fraud versus real election fraud brought to you by the GOP. 
 ,Good riddance.
 ,Why quit?   Republicans got your back if you are a Republican who commits crimes or steals elections.
 ,Well to be fair he might have another one of those strokes that don't affect him in any discernible way other than to make him commit election fraud.
 ,The Christian Right and their morals..baffle me. 
 ,Sadly you’re correct. 
 ,LoCk HeR uP
 ,McConnell Pat Toomey Ted Cruz Lindsey Graham and Rand Paul.
 ,If I had 5 removals and I was in a room with 4 Hitlers and Mitch McConnell.  I'd remove Mitch McConnell 5 times.
 ,The Turtle Lying Ted Culberson Greg Abbot Pence.  
 ,Mitch McConnell  Kevin McCarthy  Ted Cruz  Lindsey Graham  Susan Collins (Doesn't matter to me if she's considered a "moderate" she's toed the line and bent the knee 99.9% of the time she's had to step up and act like one)It was really hard for me to leave off Pat Toomey or Mike Kelly as a PA resident but fuck the five mentioned above.
 ,Trump Pence McConnell Betsy DeVos whoever that coal guy is that Trump has in there destroying the EPA. 
 ,Pelosi Schumer AOC waters and whoever Is against America With anyone with an IQ over 60.
 ,Why do we have to keep stabbing each other in the back we need another hitler so we can agree on something /s
 ,Privately no?
 ,What the fuck is taking so long. God Damnit 
 ,Back in the 90s when I was in high school I read Susan Faludi's Backlash and found it riveting.  It went into great detail on the way the media (commercials news tv shows etc) infected society with anti-feminism.  I find it very relevant today as much of what she points out is still occurring all these years later.
 ,Kudos to you for wanting to learn more about feminism! Feminist theory is also great for training your mind on how to dissect issues beyond gender-related ones. If you're in college taking a class is the easiest way to go about it. Feminism is also a huge area of scholarship so I suggest that once you've built some background in the basics look into where feminism overlaps with issues that you particularly care about so that you don't get lost.To build understanding of key concepts in feminism I'd take a look at **1)** This paper by Kimberle Crenshaw who coined the term "intersectionality" which is now widely used not just in feminism but in many social justice discussions: *Demarginalizing the Intersection of Race and Sex: A Black Feminist Critique of Antidiscrimination Doctrine Feminist Theory and Antiracist Politics* **2)** "The Master's Tools Will Never Dismantle the Master's House" by Audre Lorde in her book *Sister Outsider* **3)** F*eminism is for everyone* by bell hooks **4)** Any reader from an introductory Gender and Women's Studies college level class. If you become really interested in feminist theory you will realize that many academic feminists always take into account post-colonialism Orientalism eurocentrism imperialism transnational feminism etc. These concepts are core to feminist studies. Don't be intimidated if you're not familiar with them (take your time to learn what they mean + why they're important) but do realize that understanding these terms will make you realize that feminism is never just about gender - it's about race class ethnicity economics commoditization his(her)story as much as it is about gender. You will realize why feminist history never ever just begins with "first-wave feminism" which is a typical "white feminist" mistake to make. Keep an open mind and have fun learning!
 ,**Want to learn more about strong and influential women who have played a role in the feminist movement? Listen to this podcast!**She's so cool is a female empowerment podcast about women whose stories will inspire you to embrace who you are love yourself fiercely and pursue your dreams.[Apple Podcasts](https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/shes-so-cool/id1448980330) // [Google Play Music](https://play.google.com/music/m/I2vfe66uq2tkyxg47efg3jrm42a?t=Shes_So_Cool) // [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/show/773C8RVco6dD196MhNtI1M?si=8EHGqCekTF2WZmGaow0gPA) // [Stitcher](https://www.stitcher.com/podcast/shes-so-cool-podcast/shes-so-cool) // [TuneIn](http://tun.in/pjhsv)[Website](https://www.shessocoolpod.com/) // [Store](https://society6.com/shessocoolpod) // [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shessocoolpod/) // [Twitter](https://twitter.com/shessocoolpod)
 ,Start with the basics. I suggest reading"Delusions of gender" by Cordelia Fine.
 ,[http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Feminism\_101](http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Feminism_101)
 ,Truly shocked that nobody has mentioned Mary Wollstonecraft Elizabeth Cady Stanton Susan B Anthony Sojourner Truth Ida B Wells.....
 ,I feel like the best place to start for   historical context might be Emma Goldman as a lot of her work influenced social justice during the early 1900s.
 ,If you're at University I recommend taking Women and Gender studies classes for the most comprehensive approach. Of course school is expensive so if that's not an option...Here are some classics:The Second Sex by Simone De BeauvourWomen Race and Class by Angela DavisAnarchism and Other Essays by Emma GoldmanSister Outsider by Audre LordeThere are a lot of new feminist books coming out all the time though they tend to be about very specific nuanced topics within feminism like sexual politics bias in the Medical industry and the promotion or critique of marketplace feminism- so you might want to save these for after you've gotten a strong foundation. Even though some of these books are over 50 to 100 years old you might be shocked by how little the culture has changed and how relevant so many of these issues still are today. 
 ,What’s “she’s beautiful when she’s angry” it’s a great film about the rise of feminism 
 ,I read bell hooks’ Feminism is for Everybody a few years into my feminist journey and I wish it had been my first introduction into feminism. It gives a bit of historical context and gives a beautiful analysis of the movement and why it’s important.Lots of love to you on your feminist journey! 
 ,An easy place to start is with Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie’s speech/essay “We Should All Be Feminists”. From there bell hooks.
 ,There's a really great HBO movie about the suffragettes called "Iron Jawed Angels." 
 ,Jessica Valenti - Full Frontal Feminism. And she has a lot of other recent books as well. Great for young women on learning why feminism matters.
 ,This is awesome! I’ll be saving a lot of these suggestions as well :) 
 ,This may be a later stage for ya but I believe The Handmaids Tale (both book & show on Hulu) is incredibly important in our political landscape. It seems far fetched but if you examine where we are now it doesn’t seem like it couldn’t happen. 
 ,Thanks everyone! Looks like it will be a long jorney for me but I'm super excited!! Please keep add comments for people who is like me :) I gotta go and made a list haha
 ,It's awesome you're interested! Look at the Ted Talk called The sexy lie with Caroline Heldman. It's short and simple and really good to get a basic view of the society :) 
 ,I highly recommend watching CNN's documentary *The Seventies:* episode 6 "Battle of the Sexes."  It gives great insight into women's struggle for equal rights during that era. Compelling footage and great series!Edit: wording.
 ,Welcome. Glad you want to learn.Herstory is important.   If the documentary “She’s Beautiful When She’s Angry” is still on Netflix watch that.Andrea Dworkin is a tough but tonic read. I recommend “Right-Wing Women” particularly the chapter on “The Promise of the Ultra-Right.”  https://feminist-reprise.org/library/ is a good collection of radical resources.These are favorites of mine but there are other fine recommendations on this thread. You will quickly discover the many strains of thought and lines of fissure. It is an enriching undertaking. Good luck.
 ,In grad school I took a course called the History of Feminism.  It was great for this exact reason.  Here are the must reads off the top of my head: - This Bridge Called My Back: Writings by Radical Women of Color.  Edited by Cherríe Moraga & Gloria Anzaldúa.  This is a collection of writings that was published in the 1981 and became one of the cited works in feminist theory. Very influential. - Gender and the Politics of History by Joan W Scott.  This book is heavy theory on gender and history and is EXCELLENT!  It is dense but really good.  There are also lots of YouTube conversations with Joan W Scott.  She is awesome.  
 ,Also agree on anything bell hooks.  Also check out Black Feminist Thought by Patricia Hill Collins if you are interested in this area of feminism.   I quickly learned that the history of feminism has be told through the lens of those in power so it’s important to seek out writers from marginalized groups.  
 ,I would highly recommend the Essential Feminist Reader. It has excerpts from a lot of different texts some of which have already been mentioned here. It's a great starting point because it gives you a general overview of the history of Feminism and its big players.
 ,[removed]
 ,There are some great TED talks out there - check out Laura Bates (founder of the every day sexism website) and then on YouTube you can go from there in the "watch next".
 ,Faces of Feminism by Sheila Tobias.The beauty myth by Naomi Wolf.The Awakening and selected stories of Kate Chopin.Reviving Ophelia.
 ,A great place to start would be Samantha bees hit comedy show full frontal
 ,If you’re interested in the historic background I highly recommend “Sisterhood is Powerful” which is a really good intro to 1960s second-wave feminism with a lot of varied essays that help to show how feminism really expanded past the very suffrage-based first wave
 ,“The creation of Patriarchy” by Girda Lerner is an absolutely perfect way to start. Its old its dry but it is packed with so much important information and perspective.   The most fundamental definition of feminism is the belief that women are humans and deserve to be treated this way... a belief in the need for equity between the sexes; politically socially and economically.  Women have progressed through history by continuing to say “no we aren’t there yet” and not allowing oppression to be defined by those in positions of privilege.  —I would like to add this is an intersectional movement.  Feminism is just a glorious piece of the Human Rights movement. Feminism must include women of color and transgender women women from all religious and cultural backgrounds. “We cannot succeed when half of us are held back.”- Malala Yousafzi
 ,Watch Jessica Jones on Netflix !
 ,You should read something about the relation between feminism and socialism too since feminism is a social struggle (and the bourgeois women are not affected by the problems worker women are exposed). I need to read more about feminism and the working class but I have some texts for example "Woman and Socialism" by August Bebel (1876)  Women's Suffrage and Class Struggle by Rosa Luxemburg (1912)
 ,Hello! Judith Butler is a pioneer in feminist critique theory - I suggest you start with Gender Trouble. Good way to get you a perspective on the theory. Dual systems feminist theory is also the one I subscribe to the most. 
 ,Read feminist  mystique and take some women studies courses if you can especially ones dealing with feminism. I am currently in a feminist theory course. 
 ,[removed]
 ,You just need to read "The Second Feminist Wave" by Lear (1968)! https://www.nytimes.com/1968/03/10/archives/the-second-feminist-wave.html
 ,start by reading more about [how to make birth control greener](http://damsel.typepad.com/damsel/2009/07/please-dont-green-our-birth-control.html) one of the trending topics on twitter right now
 ,Chimamanda Adichie
 ,On the science fiction side I’d like to suggest anything by Sheri S.  Tepper. ‘The Gate to Women’s Country’ is a great place to start but really anything she writes is a great way to get a different perspective and enjoy a great read. 
 ,for some primary source documents see 'The Essential Feminist Reader' which has [blogs](http://feministreaderreview.wordpress.com) about it also.
 ,Looking into the Sacred Feminine and the Divine Feminine for its historical context is an important first step.
 ,For intersectional feminism (eg: feminism) I'd also recommend following some educators on social media and elsewhere. On Instagram/FB my favorite is Rachel Cargle — she has a workshop you can follow about unpacking white feminism/white supremacy. It's about racism but equally about the importance of intersectional feminism (and how to be an intersectional feminist). But there are lots of other educators out there too that you can follow on Instagram Facebook and elsewhere.
 ,I would start with The Feminine Mystique by Betty Friedan. &#x200B;This is also an excellent resource:[http://www.sfu.ca/\~wsweb/Programs/phdreading.html](http://www.sfu.ca/~wsweb/Programs/phdreading.html)&#x200B;It lists essential feminist texts as well as texts specific to different areas of study within feminism.
 ,These aren't particularly introductory but some of my favorites are:Unbearable weightIn a different voiceJustice gender and the familyMarriage: A history
 ,[removed]
 ,Feminism apparently is a problem (to feminists) but it's just some stupid people who push for equality but think that they're better than others... Also theres a youtube channel called "ShoeOnHead" that talks a bit about feminism i recommend the video 36 questions feminists have for men.
 ,  Here are different kinds of feminism. \***Liberal** (disregard gender)  \***Radical** (fight male supremacy)Fighting male supremacy helps reduce racist oppression   \***Marxcist** (who produces and who reaps rewards)Sexist oppression is a form of class oppression; women who do more get less                                     rewards  \***Socialist** (who is controlling resources)Emphasize material and economic inequalityTalks about class and patriarchy   \***Cultural** (retreat to vanguardism)Work to build women’s culture active on social issues  \***Eco-feminism** (patriarchal society exploits resources)Draws parallels between treatment of environment animals resources to treatment of women
 ,MissRepresentation is an incredible documentary. It really makes you see how women are portrayed in the media. 
 ,[One of my most favourite TedTalks about why we should be  feminists](https://www.ted.com/talks/chimamanda_ngozi_adichie_we_should_all_be_feminists?nolanguage=e&utm_campaign=tedspread&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=tedcomshare)
 ,There are so many good nonfiction recommendations here. But I'd also recommend two fiction works: author Yaa Gyasi's Homegoing and Amy Reed's The Nowhere Girls. I am American so these are American-centric but they cover rape culture and racism against africans/African Americans/blacks. Topics I am very passionate about under the realm. Feminism is the cure to many awful things in the world. Good luck it'll take a big heart and a long time to "get it."
 ,Hey! I run a vlog about feminism aimed to educate :) right now I’m starting off with basic concepts in feminism but as I cover the fundamentals I’ll delve into deeper topics and my page is always open for discussion if you message me and please do feel free to! Here’s the link:  https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-ByXKUxGp_-uBKkfCrg5tA And the fb page is @ThatOtherFWrd
 ,I strongly recommend reading Kimberlé Crenshaw's ""Demarginalizing the Intersection of Race and Sex: A Black Feminist Critique of Antidiscrimination Doctrine Feminist Theory and Antiracist Politics" and "Mapping the Margins: Intersectionality Identity Politics and Violence Against Women." Crenshaw can give you both a background and critique of 2nd wave feminism. [https://chicagounbound.uchicago.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1052&context=uclf](https://chicagounbound.uchicago.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1052&context=uclf)&#x200B;Crenshaw posits that the experience of women is not universal nor is it monolithic; rather experience is affected by race gender religion culture geography etc. What Crenshaw did was create space in feminism for all women not just white women. her work has been extremely important to the discipline and to identity politics.Happy reading! 
 ,The War on Women is a great read to tell you about female inequality from around the world - it's a good inspiration for feminism.&#x200B;I'd say Feminists: What Were They Thinking on Netflix is a good doc.  Also concur with previous suggestions for Angela Davis' Women Race and Class - great history and rise of feminism for black women.
 ,I have found the United Nations website to have good resources on Gender Equality and also the UN Women website. There are some good resources related to modern feminism.One of the key things I have learned as a feminist when looking at history is to not assume that because someone is a feminist (and has a shared cause) they share the same views and ideals in other areas. Their personal and political views and agendas can often be completely different from what one would expect to the point of sometimes being completely opposite. This shows up quite a bit when looking at feminism through the 20th century.
 ,I don’t have time to read all 500 comments so I’m not sure if this has been mentioned already. But I really liked Estelle Freedman’s book No Turning Back. It gave a good history of feminism suffrage and talked about key current issues. 
 ,My favourite books are the Feminine Mystique and Bad Feminist. For contemporary issues you can look at Bust or Ms Magazine. 
 ,Kate Manne's Down Girl is great it came out last year; it examines sexism as a mindset misogyny as a patriarchal system of policing women and a lot of points drawn from that.My only complaint is that I hate how modern philosophers write and that doesn't have a lot to do with her.
 ,I’m taking a Literature and Gender class right now and till today we’ve studied:A Vindication of the Rights of Woman - Mary Wollstonecraft Subjection of Women - John Stuart Mill A Room of One’s Own - Virginia WoolfThe Second Sex - Simone de Beauvoir These texts are (imho) very euro-centric though. They even compare sexism directly to slavery. So I watch out for that but try to take in the relevant bits. 
 ,I have a degree in Gender and cultural studies. Want a list some text books? 
 ,I watched this TED Talk and thought you would find it interesting.Tracee Ellis Ross: A woman's fury holds lifetimes of wisdomhttps://go.ted.com/CvCzLearn more about watching TED Talks on all of your favorite platforms: https://www.ted.com/about/programs-initiatives/ted-talks/ways-to-get-ted-talks 
 ,Have you tried looking at Feminist Instagrams? I learned A LOT - i know it can seem weird coming from a social media sight but my eyes were opened up to so much more thru some profiles on instagram it’s run by people passionate abt the causes and they are open minded to good criticism when they make wrong conclusions etc etc. :))) hope this helps
 ,What sucks about the situation is that people who have it ingrained in them to hate planned parenthood probably stopped reading this post after the first couple sentences.
 ,This is why we need Planned Parenthood. I’m often shocked but not surprised when people think PP only does abortions the hatred they have for PP is very well ingrained
 ,Not to mention that PP is critical for a lot of trans people getting their HRT.
 ,I’m shocked anyone would be against this. My country is overpopulated and already has bad health plans. I’m trying to understand why anyone would fight this? Are people against common sense ?
 ,I remember getting a ride from my friend’s mom to PP when i was 16. My parents were/still are evangelical Christians so i had to hide it from them. I had PCOS and had no other way to access birth control to help control it. The people at the clinic were so kind. As an adult now i donate to that same clinic.
 ,Also it shouldn't be illegal to pay for abortions with tax money.
 ,I don't get this whole hate against people who have different life choices. Does it affect me what some other people are doing? No. So why be upset? I just don't get it. And if it is about "My taxes are paying for something I don't like". Then people seem to not know what taxes are. PS: I'm not American and don't know much about the tax system there. But taxes in general aren't a service you pay for line an ISP or TV channels. They are community money to help the whole community in all kinds of ways that don't always need to be applicable to everyone.
 ,I still don't get how if I ask the protestors to leave me alone (specifically me) and they are still there screaming how that is not harassment.You can protest I love protesting but once you start screaming at individual people repeatedly that's no longer protesting and is just abusive. Esp people obtaining medical care. I don't see how this doesn't violate my privacy. I don't get how the powers that be claim that nothing can be done. (I do not consider private citizens and political figures with power to be on the same level so go ahead and protest them on an individual basis all you want)
 ,Do you think god stays in heaven because he too is afraid of what he created?
 ,Hey OP! IPhone tip: Your phone charges faster if you take it off low power mode when plugged in!
 ,People are so against pp because they preform abortions. What they dont see is how pp probably prevents *so many* abortions. Its incredibly hypocritical.
 ,What if they re-branded and changed their name to help encompass the fact that they have *so many* different services?&#x200B;They were exceptionally helpful for me to find birthing classes in my town when my own hospital had no options.
 ,This is why you Americans need universal health care.
 ,[removed]
 ,Many people on the pro life side completely support the right of a woman to have an abortion and actually consider themselves feminists.  Its the later term baby murders that they have a problem with.
 ,There are few things that piss me off as much as the idea of a man being a player and a woman being a slut.
 ,This is so important.  Amatonormativity should be a feminist issue because it pressures women into relationships that are unhelpful to them makes women devote more time and emotional energy than is best for them to the pursuit or maintenance of romance and keeps women staying in unhealthy relationships when they should leave.  Amatonormativity can benefit some men but it emotionally destroys just as many of them.  Men lose all their self esteem and believe they're worthless if they can't find a romatic relationship or when a woman breaks-up or divorces them.  It is a toxic cultural attitude that hurts both women and men and it needs to die.
 ,If we acknowledge that hijab is a choice for some (and that must be respected) we must also acknowledge the fact that for many women around the world the hijab is mandatory and there are consequences for not wearing it.  Look at Iran.  A lawyer who peacefully advocated for it to become non-mandatory has been sentenced to nearly 40 years in prison as well as over 100 lashes on her body.
 ,I love this a lot now I’m seeing a ton more each more inclusive we could add a woman in a wheel chair a transgender woman a girl an elder.... options are endless. We can do it
 ,solidarity sisters ✊
 ,I get what this is trying to say but I feel like it's trying to 'correct' the old poster as though it was wrong which it wasn't and I find those kinds of posts annoying.. it's not that they are trying to give a new take on something that bothers me it's that the 'correction' is needless because the old version was not wrong or immoral and the white woman is taken off entirely which in this context is off putting. I think it's the underlined part that seems like a correction. Also the grammar is off.
 ,We can “all” do it
 ,Seriously how do you shit on a post that’s positive?  It’s bafflingEdit: you
 ,Beautiful painting
 ,Could you please link the artist OP?
 ,It’s not white supremacist in its intentions but the affects definitely celebrate white women over other women. Straight white women were pretty much the only target of this add. This poster started as a celebration/ encouragement for the white women entering the work force when their husbands went off to war. What about black women? They were already in the work force out of necessity before this because they didn’t have the privilege to be a  part of a single income household (generally). Where was their celebration/encouragement? Nothing wrong with privilege as long as you don’t throw a fit when those less privileged than you just want equality.I fail to see how this poster is doing anything mean to the first one. You can recognize flaws yet still acknowledge that it was a good and/or necessary starting point and I think this poster does just that. Agree to disagree I guess. One thing that remains true is that Rosie the Riveter is a feminist icon and probably always will be. This poster doesn’t take away from that nor is it radical in the slightest.
 ,[removed]
 ,Good in theory but this is a little ironic. The hijab is anti-feminist.
 ,Where did the white lady go ?
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,There is quite an excessive use of caps lock in both the post and the title.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,I'm not sure there are legal protections in place but at the very least you might have a case for gender discrimination. I assume that "too much is visible" refers to somebody being able to see the shape of your nipples through your clothing. Unless your boss is also requiring that men pad their tees so that nobody can tell that anybody has nipples this seems like an unequal expectation for men and women.   Maybe approach it from the injury standpoint? Let the boss know that what they are asking will cause physical harm to you provide a doctor's note (I'm sure a friendly primary care doc would be happy to support you) smile and tell the boss that you're sure they wouldn't want to be responsible for placing requirements on their employees that cause physical harm.    Some legal discussion:[https://www.personneltoday.com/hr/dress-codes-must-women-wear-bra-at-work/](https://www.personneltoday.com/hr/dress-codes-must-women-wear-bra-at-work/)
 ,you might want to check r/legaladvice
 ,There is likely not a law that specifically would prohibit them from asking you to wear (or not wear) a bra. There is possibly an argument that an attorney could make that it is discriminatory but you would have to go down that route and it can be long and complicated. Under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act dress codes are allowed and they can be different for the sexes but that does not mean that certain rules cannot be challenged.If in fact you have a shoulder injury that makes wearing a bra difficult (or wearing a bra exacerbates that injury) I would discuss this with your doctor for evidence of the injury and how a bra can make it worse then bring that information to HR. You can also try discussing with HR first why you find it difficult to wear a bra. Document the conversation (maybe send a follow up email reiterating what was discussed). Then take it from there. Be willing to find a compromise if one is possible.I am not a GA barred attorney. If you feel that it is necessary please seek local counsel. Most should give you a free consultation (30 minutes or so). It is never a good idea to trust legal advice on the internet.
 ,As a fellow bra hater I recommend pasties.  The kind that stick without using actual adhesive.  They are great and cover just the nips which is what they are complaining about essentially.Of course this is just my recommendation until you figure out the legality of it all.Personally I hate having to wear bras and if it were up to me not wearing one would be socially acceptable in all circumstances.I believe employers are legally permitted to have dress codes for their employees provided they are not descriminatory but each state does vary so sorry I don't know how to answer your question.
 ,Have you looked at any equalities legislation? If men aren't required to wear bras its sexual discrimination to require women to wear bras.
 ,Unless it’s spelled out specifically in your company dress code they can’t make you wear one as that would be gender discrimination and isn’t a safety issue. Honestly they’d have an awfully hard time enforcing it even if it were spelled out as any uniform inspection about requiring a bra would need an inappropriate level of exposure to enforce.Kinda like my sister who cheated her way through high school by writing notes on her thighs just under the hem of her miniskirts. Even female teachers couldn’t ask her to lift her hem to check.
 ,I have days when it really hurts to wear a bra. I wear snug but breathable tank tops underneath my other clothes as an alternative to a bra on those days. That or depending on how sensitive your injured area is you could also wear a camisole with a shelf bra inside under your regular t-shirts. Bras are the worst. I’m sorry. Good luck!!
 ,To my knowledge I don’t think so
 ,I hear ya! I've torn a tiny ligament where the collarbone attaches at the chest. There is no bra that doesn't aggravate it. I often use a bra strap on the good shoulder and sports tape my right boob up by going across my chest to the left shoulder. I need a one-boob brace!
 ,That's awful I'm not sure about the legalities but fuuck that
 ,I would talk to your boss and see if yall can work something out. Explain you have a shoulder injury and why you don't want to wear a bra because it is painful for you. Perhaps you guys could come to an agreement like maybe you wear an apron when customers are around? I don't think there is a law on the books that you can reference about this because companies can institute dress codes and these dress codes can be different for men and women. However r/legaladvice maybe more helpful.
 ,Its not ilegall in canada and i think the in the us but its an asshole move from the complainer idk who would go to a manger and tell him your employee need a braYou can leave  the work i suggest because stuff like this are really in the hands of the manger
 ,Why would someone complain about this
 ,Just you wait if you start wearing a bra someone will complain that they can see it. 😩
 ,Just get some pasties if that's the only issue?
 ,I would lean on the side of that they can't force you too unless it's written in some company dress code. I doubt a legal case which would be quick easy or cheap though. I don't know how hot it gets where you are but maybe a vest underneath could help the situation? I suppose it depends on how perky your nipples are but I don't want to get too personal.
 ,[deleted]
 ,You should not have to wear a bra to work if you don’t want to.
 ,Georgia is an "at will/right to work state" which really means you can be fired for any reason (or even without reason) so be careful. There's a chance you could try to pursue this through discrimination laws but it would likely be a challenge. Maybe you can figure out a compromise otherwise. Good luck. Definitely check with the legal advice subs though.*This is purely my layman's opinion*
 ,That could be a case for gender discrimination if that rule doesn't apply to people who identify as male. Bra's are unnecessary and a result of the over-sexualization of breasts anyways.
 ,It's called reasonable accommodation. You don't have to wear a 'bra' but you may have to do something to conceal you nipples. My sister works for the sate of Indiana and had a similar problem. A second shirt is good in the cooler months for her but she uses nipple caps for summer.
 ,Don't know the legallity of bra wearing in the workforce and don't know if this is unwanted advice but... Sports bras are excellent for women and physical activity! I felt bad you would have to wear a bra at the expense of comfort due to an old shoulder injury at work.
 ,Meet in the middle. Just wear pasties. No bra. No nipples. Wouldn't the nipple be the most tell-tale sign of not wearing a bra? Idk?Edit: a word
 ,The short answer is yes in the United States.
 ,Just wear a damn bra
 ,[removed]
 ,Sue them
 ,It’s part of a uniform they decide the uniform
 ,[removed]
 ,Awesome video! I'm definitely sharing this one.
 ,Spartan women held higher power then any other women in Ancient Greece. They held more political power more control over their reproduction chose whom they married and even ate more then other Greek women?
 ,Wow. I guess Sparta did some things right.
 ,Wikipedia has her birthday as January 6th. Looking further into it it's said that "Joan herself did not know when she was born as it emerges from her testimony at her Trial of Condemnation."Guess that means today's as good as any other one then.
 ,Jeanne D'Arc would stand just out of crossbow range and yell at the English to surrender or they would all die. After a string of very unlikely victories the English were terrified at this girl claiming visions of the divine. She was independent of any of the aristocratic families and so could sidestep the politics of the era to present common sense or even astute tactics that led to a series of extremely unlikely victories that put France close to expelling the English during the Hundred Years War.She was a virgin but dressed as a man with that being basically the only thing the English could pin on her during the religious tribunal once she was captured. She was literally executed under the pretense of cross dressing.. after being grilled by loaded questions about Catholic doctrine. Famously when they asked her if she was in a state of grace she replied:>"If I am not may God place me there; if I am may God so keep me. I should be the saddest in all the world if I knew that I were not in the grace of God. But if I were in a state of sin do you think the Voice would come to me? I would that every one could hear the Voice as I hear it. I think I was about thirteen when it came to me for the first time."This being important because Catholics aren't supposed to say they're in a state of grace. But they needed to kill her under religious pretenses for propaganda purposes. She resisted to the end even if repenting would have saved her life.She never actually fought but she was always on the frontlines. She was injured 4 times one time with an arrow through her neck/collarbone.
 ,Executed for being a competent and effective leader as is their tradition./s
 ,I love the viragos of history
 ,Nowadays she is a far-right wing Icon in France though.
 ,I took her name as my confirmation name. ❤️
 ,[removed]
 ,Nonbinary peeps be like "lol" and take the elevator.
 ,Definitely not perfectly. There are so many factors that have an influence on equality gender is just one of them. Well-educated woman from a Western country has far better chances than a poor man from developing country. And so many other situations and privileges between those two. While this is probably a good reminder to some we can't keep forgetting that the woman in picture has probably had far better opportunities than the majority of world's population.
 ,Yeah but think of how strong her legs will be when she makes that climb every morning.
 ,Um aktually woman CHOOSE to take the stairs hur dur me smart
 ,[removed]
 ,And neither stairs are accessible to wheelchair users. There might be an elevator I can't see (there probably is) they are still unintentionally making a point about intersectionality.
 ,im waiting for the 'okay so the males have escalators but its more narrow for us the women have stairs and they are wider hehe'
 ,Does anyone else think we’re minimising a complex social issue into a stereotypical binary problem?  Of course there’s benefits to being male in terms of privilege but when a woman faces ‘the stairs’ in this analogy how much of an impact does her race age social status etc. have on their journey?I say that as somebody who 100% consistently minimalists social issues like this to try and prove a point such as why the patriarchy is bad for all.
 ,[removed]
 ,There should also be a down escalator that you must climb up for people of color.
 ,I'm just here to watch the incels cry.
 ,[removed]
 ,This post is extremely stupid. This does not highlight any actual problems with society. A woman is just as capable of reacher her goals as a man. Instead of upvoting this you should upvote posts that expose true sexism in the world.
 ,Women have it better than menChange my mind
 ,But walking up the stairs is faster >_>You also get exercise and escalators are sometimes shut down due to technical issues. Stairs are almost perfect in every way except for connivence.
 ,False it is more like feminists fighting for inequality
 ,[removed]
 ,This is just dumb but ok
 ,I feel like the female staircase should be the narrower one though.
 ,lol just take the elevator
 ,[removed]
 ,If it's easier to live as a man then why aren't we seeing millions of women trying to become men? Isn't gender just a social construct anyways?
 ,TBH It’s more of an opposite at this point
 ,It’s 2019 you can literally pass as a man with a few prescriptions but wait y’all won’t do that because you know what’s happening to men and you don’t want any part of it.
 ,Lol
 ,That’s definitely not the case in the US
 ,Take the fucking escalator then if you don't wanna walk up the stairs you dumb shit. Easy as that.
 ,Perfectly Balanced.... as all things should be
 ,Honestly in a few years the genders in this picture will be swapped and only a woman will be in the picture the man would be serving ‘rape’ charges
 ,Majority of homeless and incarcerated persons are men. Men are more likely to die on the job. But go on.
 ,Imagine unironically believing this
 ,Your right this is accurate. She struggles when she could have just done it the way the man did it and work for it. There were no escalators for me on my way up. The fuck outta here with this shit.
 ,I don't get it
 ,This post is kinda a weak attempt
 ,This Is Why You Change Your Gender To Male I'm Getting My Sister To Do That
 ,As a woman I really dislike blanket generalizations like this as it makes men resent feminism as a whole. Instead of picking issues they may agree with we say blanketly subjective things like this which make us all roll our eyes.
 ,This is progress because women are the fatter gender.
 ,But... Stairs are faster...
 ,I work in stem and I haven't had a Male boss in 9 years.
 ,I get that it’s a bit of fun (I hope it’s not meant to be a serious take on equality) but this is really problematic  not least because of the analogy.  Nope nope nope.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Not here to argue but can someone explain how females have to work harder to achieve the same things as a male?Edit: so rather than actually helping me understand something I don’t you just down vote me... kinda ironic
 ,Wait so I just get to the top by not working at all? Only women work?Didn't think this through did they.
 ,This is America everyone works or their homeless.(Mods don't ban I actually want to have a civil arguement)
 ,[removed]
 ,[deleted]
 ,[removed]
 ,Nope it heavily depends on class/race/ability as well. This is far too simplistic and frankly extremely obnoxious.
 ,is this the antithesis of the concept of intersectionality?
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Well....not really. It's so far from black and white like that. Plenty of women have it easier than men too it just depends on a lot of different factors.Should it be just as easy/difficult for both? Yes. Do women on average have more issues like this than men? Yes. But does that mean all men have it this easy and all women have it this hard? No not by a longshot.A more accurate depiction would be a couple hundred sets of stairs for men and women a lot of them escalators for men and a lot escalators for women with most certainly a bit of a higher percentage of escalators for men but not nearly as much as an oversimplification like this would otherwise convey.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,I don't think we can compare a social issue as complex as this to stairs.Just a though.
 ,[removed]
 ,What the actual fuck did I just read? I’m on the verge of angry tears just now. What is wrong with the fucking world? Nay not the world the fucking American conservative far right. Human decency? Heard of it? Bastards.
 ,Doesn't surprise me. Trump wants to protect rapist american troops from persecution. Many US troops have committed atrocities against the civilian populations around the world.
 ,It’s shocking but not surprising considering how much of the world but especially the US has been behaving recently 😔
 ,America what the hell is happening over there?
 ,This is dumb.What does the resolution imply exactly tho ?I read the article but i'm not sure to understand.
 ,Yeah it really isn't about a difference in opinion. One side is quite clearly in the wrong.
 ,This man is disgusting and immoral.
 ,Just for the sake of complete accuracy he didn’t say the words “rape is the will of God.” He was asked the direct question “is rape the will of God” and gave an affirmative non-answer. His response:>	Well you know if you read the Bible there’s actually a couple circumstances where that happened. The Lord uses all circumstances. I mean you can go down that path but it’s the reality unfortunately.So yeah not exactly false but saying he “declares” and then putting “rape is the will of God” in quotes isn’t totally accurate. Ultimately his answer wasn’t any better though.
 ,So because someone decides to rape it's the will of God. But if you decide to get an abortion that's somehow not the will of God? It's almost like these lines in the sand are drawn arbitrarily based on some old order of power.
 ,Ya know what else is the will of God? Arresting the sob that did it. Cherry picking at it's best?
 ,Will of god? If god is whispering this in your ears seek help.
 ,Somehow I don't trust this article can we not post obvious bait?
 ,That guy looks like the personification of egg salad.
 ,I just wanna say on behalf of the Catholics that we don’t believe that
 ,I live in Oklahoma but I think I’ll start packing now
 ,As someone from Oklahoma I'm sorry so many people here are like this. It's embarrassing and enraging.
 ,Holy god I cannot believe that a person said that! WTF!?
 ,OK Commander...
 ,The will of god? Pretty sure if there was a god it would be at least moderately anti rape. The nerve of these assholes. I wonder if he'd change his tune if he was the one getting raped.
 ,WHAT. THE. FUCK
 ,I am so glad this twat lost his election directly following making these remarks.
 ,Actually the will of God is to hit bankers with a whip
 ,The next time someone asks me why we need feminism I’m pulling this out
 ,I feel like that'd be more from Islam
 ,I’m a Republican who lurks here every once in a while to see how my opposition thinks. Put myself in their/your shoes in a bit. But srsly who the fuck says that rape is God’s will lmao
 ,I’m a republican and this is one of the biggest lies I have ever heard
 ,Funny because Republicans also like to condemn immigrants for being “rapists.”
 ,To be fair both parties say dumb things
 ,Have no democrats raped people or said such things?
 ,[removed]
 ,I agree that this is morally wrong but when feminists rape someone aren't they protected by other feminists?
 ,[removed]
 ,That made me laugh
 ,that is your opinion.
 ,The belief in the importance of marriage and romantic coupling is one factor.  There are others.  Unequal work opportunities for women and unequal childbearing burdens too.  All structural.
 ,I know I'm not supposed to expand on the OP in the comments but just wanted to highlight two things that I'm looking for an explanation for.1. In Amie Jones' book she suggests battered women deflect the attention of violent men from the rest of society. As in if a violent man didn't have someone at home to victimize he'd end up going after someone else perhaps a woman who has more people around her who would object to her victimization. Her words not mine. I wonder if this holds up or not. InCel comes to mind (the "Involuntary Celibate terrorist who hit random women with a car because he couldn't get any dates). Is Jones suggesting there would be way more InCels if all the women with abusive partners could get out right away? That on some level society tolerates the abuse of some women because they believe it keeps other women safe?2. The techniques batterers use to victimize are surprisingly consistent and sophisticated. The same techniques are used in government reeducation camps or with prisoners of war. They know how to make a person question their sanity cut them off from their friends escalate dependency in a very predictable way until the battered person actually loves the attacker. (see the case of Hedda Nussbaum). Where did so many abusers learn how to do this? Is this the remains of a more system wide kind of oppression that was practiced more consciously/"officially" in the past? To go back to the racism analogy under Jim Crow there were all these widespread practices that added up to create an oppressive environment. There would have been a "curriculum" of sorts among whites to train them to keep that system going. And there was backlash if a white person didn't do their part to hold it up. So.... is there a parallel to that with domestic violence?
 ,I'm by no means an expert on this matter but as a social work student I learned a feminist perspective on domestic violence and it was very enlightening. Basically in a patriarchal society women are subordinate to men and violence is used to continue to enforce this discrepancy.   Obviously like all theories it is not perfect but it's definitely worth a quick read to see if it answers some of your questions.
 ,I think that there isn’t a portion of society held up by domestic violence. Other than emergency services in which you could then by that logic say that all crimes uphold this section of the workforce. However I can give this: my theory is that since most of the time males are physically bigger more imposing and more into some stereotypical manly things that could support physical abuse (i.e bodybuilding drinking etc.) This is why I think that the counterpart to the male physical abuser is the female mental abuser. Keep in mind I’m not an expert but I think men have the unfair expectation from society that they can’t cry and frankly society sees a man getting abused by a female as embarrassing on the males part. This either creates one of two things: the mental fortitude to push through or something worse which could be them staying in that relationship without reaching out for help or teaching their SO that this is not OK. Of course there are exceptions to every rule (i.e smaller males bigger females mental/physical conditions etc.) Probably not in line in this sub but have my take :).
 , ***Update***: Noah Spielman Kyler Kregel and Samuel TeBos all pleaded guilty to misdemeanor battery and were sentenced to one year of conditional discharge requiring them to each pay a $250 anti-crime fee and complete 100 hours of public service — including 25 hours of speaking to youths about the dangers of hazing the [**Daily Herald**](https://www.dailyherald.com/news/20180716/former-wheaton-college-football-player-pleads-guilty-in-hazing) reports. James Cooksey pleaded guilty this July to a misdemeanor count of attempted unlawful restraint and was sentenced to one month of court supervision. Benjamin Pettway is expected to stand trial early next year. This sentencing seems extremely light.  I'm amazed anyone does hazing at any level in this day and age but the fact there is no jail time is sickening.
 ,I'll be anticipating protests from the MRA's concerning this miscarriage of justice. Oh wait....
 ,I’m so fucking sick of jocks (I.e. any man) getting away with rape and assault. We live in a sick society run by sick twisted men. The patriarchy must end.
 ,All rapists and people who do this type of humiliating sexual torture should be destroyed. We do not need people like this in our society. They are useless.
 ,jesus christ
 ,I don’t want to live on this planet anymore
 ,I'm originally from that town and I know the college well. I'm not surprised these boys are going unpunished. The whole point of attending Wheaton College is to go from the hateful cradle of evangelism in which your parents raised you straight to an insular environment where you remain totally brainwashed. When you're admitted they make you sign a contract that until recently forbade "social dancing" a la Footloose. It's a totally regressive environment promoting only the most hateful dogma. Intellectual curiosity is discouraged.The ideal mental age for the students there is forever 15 especially the girls. Unplanned pregnancies are common among the students. I'm pretty sure they expel them for it. So basically that place is disgusting in every way.
 ,They kidnapped and raped/tortured someone and that's all they fucking get?
 ,Just another story about white boys getting away with violating another humans rights. I have to ask what can we do to stop this from happening? It seems like the laws we have punish rapists aren't enough
 ,A bunch of football players beat and pushed a kid down the stairs and only one kid was suspended for it The rest had no punishment at all
 ,I genuinely can't fathom this
 ,me reading this title: “oh man they’re actually getting punished for this horrible thing they did. Oh.”
 ,This is fucking disgusting.
 ,I remember seeing this story on some local news website after it happened (or after it made it's way outside the school walls anyhow).  The article detailed literally everything included in this one but never once described it as rape.  I left a comment pointing that out and my comment was scrubbed within a half hour.  I fucking hate this country.
 ,> Christian collegeThis is gonna be bad.> punished football players who raped and beat a studentOh thank god they didn't just get away with it.> with an 8-page essay*They deserve that many years in jail.*
 ,That’ll teach em
 ,I just finished 'Missoula: Rape and the Justice System in a College Town' by John Krakauer which I recommend. It's a good but absolutely infuriating book about college rape and ensuing injustice.
 , This survivor will have to live with the trauma from kidnapping assault and sexual assault. A slap on the wrist was not even what the perpetrators got. It was a pinch. But that's all good!
 ,It’s sad our society have a lot of scummy people like this even today seeing things like this happen really is destroying my faith in humanity every day😔
 ,I don't want to believe this is real. What's wrong with society?
 ,Look at the guy in the middle’s smile tho
 ,Thought the headline meant that they literally beat the student with a 8 page essay so I thought "good they got punished" and a few seconds later I realised the punishment was actually the 8 page essay. Assholes why did they get let off so easily?
 ,Are they going to beat him with it? Make him get papercuts on every corner? Force him to spell it backwards? Because otherwise it's not a punishment.😤
 ,I wish I could say I was surprised. I reported a hazing incident done by the varsity football team to my high school's social worker and it was completely swept under the rug. I'm not surprised at all. I want to throw up right now
 ,Local sports stars get off easy  not surprisingly.
 ,Why is this on the feminist page
 ,[removed]
 ,I've seen girls fight harder on a first date.
 ,Sorry white women this is the price of maintaining white supremacy  white males get impunity against you too. Yea I know it feels good being able to call the cops on black people at dog parks whenever you want but it's a double edged sword you see?You can't eat your cake and have it.
 ,r/atheism
 ,[removed]
 ,\^"Andrea Dworkin insisted her writing was about women but it was about men: what they do why they do it and which lies they use in their defense. Women couldn’t be subjects only faceless victims."
 ,[removed]
 ,Do you want free welfare or what? Quit asking for money and get a job
 ,Abortion is immoral change my mind.
 ,Well my third world islamic country have legal aportion lol u people are weird
 ,The writer is a moron. period.
 ,This relationship isn't healthy you both resent each other and neither of you are going to change. Split up get a few counselling sessions/ therapy sessions to help you cope with it all and move on. There are better men in the world who you don't have to fight with about respecting you.
 ,Honestly if I were in your position I’d just dump him. My ex was very similar to your boyfriend and the relationship just wasn’t beneficial to either of us anymore.
 ,Even the best men frequently don't realise how sexist some of their words and behaviour can be. They've been surrounded by an echochamber of sexism for most of their lives. The good ones will listen when you point it out and then work on it. Don't bother with the ones who don't.
 ,I think you know that you’re not wrong.
 ,Good for you for telling him how you feel. It's scary but even when it doesn't go how you wanted it to it's still rewarding to know  you can do it. I'm glad it went well this time.
 ,Take a look at this comic. It discusses emotional labour and I think highlights a few of the things you are talking about here.https://english.emmaclit.com/2017/05/20/you-shouldve-asked/
 ,Girl why are you with this dead weight? You’re his mom and his gf? And he manipulates you making you feel guilty for being you? F that noise
 ,Sounds like a dude I couldn't spend prolonged time in one room with how does he feel all that is okay to say and do?
 ,As others have said it is likely your relationship should come to an end. There is a very narrow path where your boyfriend actually goes through with some Feminist Therapy which will take immense dedication on his part and actually implements the changes that are important to you. Then the relationship might be preserved.Either way I would recommend some counseling for yourself. Either way it sounds like you would also benefit from some individual counseling. You acknowledge you have difficulty communicating your needs and expectations and whatever relationship you end up in this is a crucial skill.
 ,Currently on the road so I might add some more specific stuff later but the underlying problem here appears to be that he does not actively invest in your relationship and shows a willingness and commitment to take on a fair share of labour when not belittled or told to. The only parts he appear prepared to invest in are the parts he find pleasing or gratifying on an instant- and personal level rather than recognizing that a relationship require a lot of maintenance logistics and labour that is not "fun". All your examples are ways he could show effort and investment that he does not. Every specific thing does not have to split 50/50 but as a whole it should be split fairly and as a whole both sides need to show investment engagement and effort towards the other. Currently you do way more and get way less back. That is something that can break a person longtermHis sexism is very classic in terms of unfair division of unrecognised/unpaid labour (key is to include mental labour and initiative in this as well). But the core of it is unreasonable expectations that a relationship should be all play and no work from his end of the stick. Failure to see his flaws and attempt improvement by blaming outside factors (or you) rather than seeing his part is a typical defence mechanism that is hard but necessary to work past on his side. Besides constructive/open-minded conversations and possibly therapy I'm not sure there is much you can do about that problem of his. It might be impossible for him to get there given the context or maybe it's possible. Either way don't sell yourself short.
 ,As a man many of these "seeming not sexist" acts have underlying sexism ingrained.Exception is #7 unless you also go shopping eith him for suits & DO NOT ENJOY IT.But yeah this is a problem we have with societal sexism. The finding boobs attractive vs what you find attractive is a HUGE one.
 ,A lot of this strikes me as both of you being young and learning how to have a relationship but a lot of it is learned sexist behavior on his part. Just because he can unlearn it doesn’t mean you have to put up with it. It’s not your job to fix him. What’s key is that you apparently don’t trust him and more often than not don’t like the way he makes you feel. That alone is grounds to end any relationship.
 ,Like others have said you're not wrong and I'm seeing some massive red flags here for manipulative behavior. He was mean to you to see what he could get away with and yes if you forgive him and take him back even with conditions he's getting away with it.If you two get married it'll get even worse. Please get out now and find someone who is willing to respect you at a fundamental level. It may take a while but you need to be willing for as long as it takes (which is the hard part as we all get lonely).Good luck OP.
 ,You’re not wrong. He’s being rude and dismissive of you. I’d say leave him and work on expressing yourself discovering yourself so when you do find someone you might want to start a relationship with you can communicate well with each other.
 ,Sounds like you're dating a child. I think we both know you need to throw the whole man away.
 ,If ya'll want to stay together go to couples therapy. It isn't just for married couples entrenched with kids. It's for any couple that needs to work on things. See a therapist together AND apart. Second the words that keep jumping out at me are "lazy". He's lazy lazy lazy. He says so himself. My guess is he's not lazy it's just easier for him to let *you* do all the work. He might be sorry and mean it but until he actually changes...they're just words.
 ,Your boyfriend using things you confided in him about to hurt you is definitely a deal breaker and you should break up. Don't fall for the sunk cost fallacy. I also don't think that you should be doing all the cooking and cleaning if you don't want to.  But that's something you need to communicate effectively and come to an agreement on with any partner. I can relate to you. My dad was the "I'll give you something to cry about" type and was physically abusive to me sometimes especially if I showed any emotions he didn't like. I was bullied a lot in highschool and that's when I learned to shut up and just deal with everything with silence. I became very nonconfrontational and didn't speak up for myself. I have made it my goal to get over that and have been making progress. I have noticed for me there is a point where I'm actually deciding to keep quiet and just deal with it and I have been getting better at recognizing that and going against it when I should stand up for myself. It's scary but it has gotten easier with time. Hopefully that works for you. Don't be afraid to walk away from an issue and take some time to think about what you want to say. Also writing out what you want to say in a letter form works too in relationships. Good communication is one of the hardest parts of a relationship to figure out and it changes from person to person. That being said I don't think any communication fixes will change this relationship he betrayed your trust by using what you told him against you.
 ,You're not wrong and honestly no dude is worth the mental gymnastics you are putting yourself through here. He sucks. You're young and you barely see each other anyway. Dump him and enjoy your life.
 ,get the hell outta there asap
 ,Going against the grain here but I don't think he's fundamentally sexist. He sounds complacent and lazy and definitely shows sexist behaviours but just needs to grow up. Reddit commenters are quick to say "dump him" but that is extreme.All of these issues can be worked through with good communication.
 ,I feel like at some points you are overreacting which is probably due to your past trauma but he is also at fault at some points. I think you should either really start communicating with each other and resolving your problems or just leave it because it's not worth it to have a relationship if you're constantly arguing. Maybe you're not the perfect match and should work on resolving your issues separately BUT you're the one that has to decide if the good in the relationship outweighs the bad or vice versa.
 ,Sexist or not you shouldn’t put up with this. As I’m seeing it he has issues that he might notice but doesn’t seem to do anything about it. I used to be with someone who would let me do all the work in the relationship because he was lazy he said and even though I liked him a lot and I have known him for a long time I had to let him go because I just wasn’t happy in this relationship. If you’re always the one complaining it’s not because you make a big deal out of things you shouldn’t it’s because you care about these issues and he doesn’t. It might have to do with sexism it probably has to do with other things but you don’t have to continue doing all the work. When you’re a mom to him it’s a sign he’ll stay in that relationship because it’s easy and even if he does like you you’ll exhaust yourself. I don’t know anything more than what you’ve written but from the little I know I’ll suggest you get out of this before it gets worst and really hurts you even more
 ,But how is he ACTUALLY sexist? I mean he doesn’t think he is better than you so if he genuinely tries he could stop with his behaviour that you feel uncomfortable with.
 ,A lot of people telling you that he is abusive but I really can't see that but also you are the only one  here that can really judge this. From what I read he accepted blame and didn't belittle you or straight up told you you were wrong for feeling this way you didn't agree on the term (sexist or not) but you agreed that his behavior was wrong and in this specific case I don't see how discussing semantics could possibly be of any significant importance to the problem solving.Also keep in mind that (sexist) behavior is often learned and not chosen we all show sexist behavior even if we think we are not. I have a hard time judging if his apologies are sincere and if he shows signs of caring and betterment.He said some dumb shit but hell I said a bunch of dumb and insensitive shit that I am truly sorry for myself and so did my bf sometimes out of anger sometimes bc we didn't think sometimes we took joking too far but this certainly isn't how we treat each other on a regular basis our relationship is still defined by our kindness to each other. It wasn't always like this though. Most of your problems can be talked out that doesn't mean that you have to win every argument sometimes you will disagree like with the groceries but you can certainly demand that he at least keeps his opinion to himself since it upsets you and there is nothing to gain for him. If you don't want to cook all the time you don't have to he can either learn to cook by helping you for an example or he can order food for those days but if you ONLY care bc you think it is sexist than I don't think it makes sense to change the current arrangement. It certainly is important to share the workload but this doesn't mean everyone has to do exactly 50% of each chore. You are also mentioning things that happened back in high school is this still really relevant to his behavior now?
 ,Try posting this to r/amitheasshole for a objective answer.
 ,The first step was putting this all out there. At least now he knows and will try to make it better if he cares. I'd be careful calling some of this stuff sexist though. Some men with the best feminist intentions are just too lazy to actually live the values. Like doing their fair share of chores. I had a similar heart to heart with my husband over chores and equality a couple years back. He surprisingly agreed with me that I did do most of the house work and now he helps a lot more. It's still not what I would consider a completely equal balance but it is much closer than it used to be and he's kept up with it for a couple years now.As for when he was asking about your plans after college I really think he was trying to gauge what kind of a future you wanted with him. It probably hurt him that you only talked about your career plans and didn't mention how he fit into your future after college. Plus he could be thinking about kids and marriage and wanted to see if you were thinking about any of that.
 ,> He does have bad memory but the thing is I am not really a talker so I expect him to remember stuff.That sentence isn't a good starting point for a good argue. My parents do this all the time. Don't go hard on unspoken expectations in a team. A chain is only as resistant as the weakest unit.It seems that you (plural) have a large experience difference. Talk more and explain to each other why you hate certain situations. Make your mind strong and help your friend.Take my advice with a grain of salt. I am not a native as you probably noticed so your local arguing culture might be different from my experience and that could've lead to false assumptions by me.
 ,He seems to me he has a pretty set idea about gender roles. He’s not outright sexist but he’s grown up in an environment that bred these ideas about what women do and what men do. He really isn’t doing anything consciously but also isn’t aware of how his behavior is problematic. If you decide to stick with him make him aware of his behavior and how it is toxic and try help him unlearn his pre-conceived notions.
 ,I really disagree with people who come out with "just break up with them". Obviously if they have a huge red flag you have to get out of there but as others have pointed out men are hugely unaware of women's issues and often it is a non-malicious but unfortunate oversight. It can also be upsetting to wake up to the fact that you're probably inherently sexist all your life and hard to come to terms with that so I would allow a little bit of time to come around and then see will they start trying to see your side/having more sympathy with women's issues.  The impression I've gotten from your post is that communication is a big issue and so if you feel like you are being as transparent as possible and giving him every chance and he still doesn't get it maybe then it's time to nope the fuck out of there. It is unfortunate that he's trying to deny the sexist elements to his thinking though. Trust your gut you're the only person here who knows what's going on between the two of you. But I can definitely say you're not wrong in your thinking. Hope things work out for you regardless.
 ,Honestly most of it just sound like bad personality traits.I feel like he doesn't respect you and is just super lazy and not willing to learn.I understand that he doesn't like doing something he is uncomfortable (cooking) but he refusing to learn is just not acceptable. If you going to keep this up you end up cooking for him until the day he dies. Try to give him small task like cutting onions/meat and then slowly show him how to season things.Just laying around and watching you clean makes me angry af. Make a cleaning agreement (he bathroom you kitchen or whatever) and just kick his butt until he does.He not listening when you tell him something is just.. bad.This is a super long list of reasons to break up especially since you have a lot of bad "reactions" from him already. Is it really worth it staying together if he already doesn't want to improve? Some of the stuff is feminist relevant some just show me that he is a bad person/had noone growing up showing him how to get shit together. Really rethink if this relationship is worth fighting for.
 ,You're too young to waste your time on this guy. Maybe you two would be better off as just friends. You can't change people he's going to have to learn this lesson on his own. People will change on their own. Maybe later on he'll tell you that you're right. It sounds like you both are unhappy in this relationship. I would leave if I were you.
 ,As a woman that has been in a similar situation most of this sounds like normal relationship stuff. One thing I will say is don't clean for him. He was raised differently than you and expecting him to just pick stuff up and clean is going to cause resentment. You need to be patient and lower your expectations of his behavior. No one is perfect and you are both learning your roles in the relationship. Men not all but many tend to not be as in tune with emotion as logical thinking. They don't think that by not cleaning and you cleaning is disrespectful or rude it's not their fault they just don't see it that way. The fact that he is admitting to being lazy is at least him acknowledging that he is not pulling his weight. He knows this but is lazy because you enable him by doing it for him. Communicate with him and tell him you would like him to clean his space if he wants you to.come over. If he doesn't know how to cook you can teach him. He may not feel as confident about doing it and needs some guidance not being babied. So be patient. The fact that he cleans and gets the groceries is him doing what he can so appreciate that instead of being ungrateful as not all men do this. If you want him to maintain his cleanliness tell him to do so for you to enjoy sex more. Men are driven more by sex because that will provide them with offspring where as women are more focused on a compassionate man who will be a good father figure on-top of health. There is nothing wrong with this we evolved to be this way. If there is something in the future that is bothering you write it down and find a way to communicate about it without being accusatory. There is more I could say but I'll do my best to summarize. You are both learning how to be each other's partner and a normal healthy part of relationships developing is to butt heads a little. You need to be able to pick your battles because not every little thing is a point for contention or accusation. You might very well be somewhat passive aggressive so be aware of how you are reacting to his behavior. It takes two to argue so if he is acting defensively or your are coming at it emotionally then you are going to fight. Defensiveness never works but pushing someone all the time with your expectations will make him feel as though he can never do right by you. I would advice against just breaking up with him as others have mentioned because regardless of who you date you will have identical problems and leaving them isn't always the answer. He isn't behaving great but he isn't being horrible either. Your behavior isn't great but it isn't horrible. You both are playing a part of disagreeableness. So taking a step back writing down what you are thinking and feeling and taking the time to come together without being emotional will help solve some of these problems. Instead of coming at it from a mentality of I don't like this you need to stop come at it from I am experiencing negative affects from this behavior how can we come together and compromise about these issues. The point is you both want to be heard and understood. You both don't want to be criticized or talked down to and want to be treated with respect. Take the time to be patient and think long before approaching a subject. I see a lot of promise and you both are still very young and are still developing. You both are still learning your roles in society and how you want to behave so the expectations need to meet that. If he is willing to discuss this and work on it he is a good partner even if it takes time as all things do. He could be an individual who denies your feelings doesn't apologize doesn't help with the dishes or groceries doesn't do anything in regards to his appearance but it sounds like he wants to make you happy and he doesn't want to let you down. Be patient lower your expectations and don't do things for him and get mad because he didn't do it. If you're cleaning ask him to help or ask him to clean up his stuff. Be patient with yourself to and take the time to calm down before approaching a situation. The reason why I keep repeating these things is because they take a while to learn. Long distance relationship are hard I had one with my husband before we married where we wouldn't see each other for 5 months or more but we would talk every day. It will get easier but the headbutting isn't over. Wish you both a good day
 ,it sounds like you barely see each other and when you do you are arguing the entire time. taking a relationship from high school into college is tough. definitely break up with him and move on experience some more things! you are young and he is not the only guy out there.
 ,I have had very similar conversations with my boyfriend. We’ve been together for almost 7 years now and still every once in a while I find that his behavioural patterns or the things that he says indicate that deep down he has a hierarchy in his mind about feminine and masculine things and so about women and men. The difference between being a rapist and doing sexist things is that sexism is taught at all levels of education and media creation and is sort of a brainwashing of a person. I myself still show some sexist underlying assumptions (mostly about men) and I work on recognizing them deconstructing where I got that impression from and then changing my perspective on the person. I point it out to my boyfriend when I recognize something like that in him and he also gets really defensive. It’s a normal reaction — sexism is a BAD THING and you’re telling the person who loves you that they’re doing a BAD THING — it’s natural for them to feel like you’re calling them a BAD PERSON. It’s a delicate conversation. It has a lot of forward progress and backward sliding continuously. You’re trying to separate the person from the society and that’s very difficult because in a lot of ways we are our society. The best thing for me has been a lot of gentleness compassion and patience. Accept the backsliding but don’t stop calling it out. Accept the defensiveness but don’t back down. Don’t attack him personally but don’t sugar coat that he’s the one who is doing these things. Honestly it’s difficult to convey this in a little comment. But this work that you’re doing with your boyfriend it’s a microcosm of the work we’re trying to do in wider society. We’re trying to get people to confront their underlying ideologies and recognize where they are lacking so that they may be improved. It’s a very draining painful and stressful exercise. The best way to succeed is to have someone we trust and respect guide us along the way. So at the end of the day... does your boyfriend respect you? Does he look up to you in any way? Because if he doesn’t then you will not have much success unfortunately. Not to mention that it won’t make for a very good long term relationship :/Good luck friend. Make sure he’s the one you want to be spending all this energy on. It’s a never ending commitment.
 ,Points 4 and 5 are sexist behaviour but I'm not sure about the rest.You and your boyfriend sound like you may have run your course. One the one hand you may be expecting too much of him but at the same time he's got to be prepared to compromise too.Cooking cleaning grooming would be a good start. Make up shopping and painting your nails definitely seem to me a bridge too far.I can understand how he was offened by being called sexist. Only the very worst people are proud of their sexist / racist /homophobic behaviours. Being called out on these behaviours can be hurtful though necessary.
 ,Repeatedly wronging you after apologizing is the classic cycle of abuse. Telling you that you shouldn’t feel a certain way after you’ve worked up the courage to share something that’s bothering you is gaslighting. He’s sexist and also unwilling to consider any viewpoint other than his own on the issue and obviously ready to lash out at you for just speaking your mind. None of this is healthy. I would end things with this guy and find someone who respects you as a person.  I know how much this sucks. Good luck and good on you for trying to communicate these problems with this doofus.
 ,You've got enough to deal with you can't possibly take care of this man-child AND pursue your goals. I've been in relationships like this and the guys always play the victim. You need to handle yourself. Break up with him focus on fixing yourself and healing from the past. You're too young to waste your previous time on him.
 ,Oh boy boy Boy. I \[F 27\] was in a relationship like this when I was your age. All of this is bringing me back. Started dating when we were 17 stayed together until I broke up with him just before my 21st Birthday and I am *so glad* that I did. You'll be a happier person a nicer person a more positive person have better self worth etc. if you end this.   Find someone who will treat you as an equal and is worth your time. Anything else is a major waste of life.
 ,You are 21 and going through all this misery so many good comments so far. Just want to throw in another get out get out now. This is a live and learn moment. This is a time to go and figure out who you are moment. Stop trying to fix this broken relationship and go enjoy your life.
 ,I don’t think you’re in a very good relationship you could either break up or try to resolve things. But judging how much of an ass your boyfriend is he’d probably won’t take it well. Also you probably shouldn’t take your boyfriend shopping he probably hates it. If you get a new partner don’t take them shopping unless they want to. They would probably hate it too at least from my experience.
 ,looks like youre just uncompatible
 ,I really think this is the wrong sub to post. r/amitheasshole is good for this. With a title like this and on this sub I’m just assuming you are trying to assure yourself you are right without reaching a more diverse demographic.
 ,Wow- I am saying this with the best possible intent- I don't think you should be in a relationship with anyone right now. I think you have a lot of issues in your own personal life and in your approach to sexism and equal rights. Your boyfriend gets a lot of shit wrong but you seem to be in a place where you are just gathering and storing each little thing and mashing it all together to create one huge issue. There are a few things that highlight this-**You got upset because he forgot you had seen a movie.** I (a woman) do that all the time.**You are upset because you cook and he does the dishes**. That seems like a perfect deal if he doesn't know how to cook. If he was being sexist he would revert to the age old twat joke about women and kitchen sinks.I think you need to figure some shit out on your own because it seems like you yourself are projecting some of your childhood trauma onto him. Good luck.
 ,I don't think there's anything wrong with a partner not wanting to paint your nails or wanting to go bra/makeup shopping (as I get older I get more vocal about not doing things I don't want to do just for the sake of appeasing my partner and I wouldn't want to force them to do things they don't enjoy for the sake of appeasing me either I have friends for that) or thinking that certain ingredients are better than others. There's also nothing sexist about it. I would definitely be concerned about him pouting when you don't want sex though and he should help you clean. But if you cook and he shops/cleans up......that's also not sexist.
 ,Sexist or not why would you want to date this person? I’m sure there are plenty of people who share his positive qualities that also are not assholes. Honestly girl you’d probably be better off on your own.
 ,he sounds like a dick stop ackin like a clown and leave him lol
 ,[removed]
 ,Your writing ability clearly shows your way too smart for this dude. Dump the guy and move on. Your super young and have an amazing life ahead of you you don’t have to drag his sorry ass around too.
 ,Are you serious 21? 7. And 8. Are so ridiculous it makes me not believe anything you say.
 ,[deleted]
 ,I'm gonna be honest you shouldn't stay in that relationship.There's a whole lot of reasons why but don't misunderstand I'm not saying it's all his fault in fact I think you're the reason why your relationship is deteriorating.He's being a regular guy and you're assuming things about his actions that you aren't even confirming somehow you make yourself believe that he has this scheme to knock you down to make you less of a human being because you're a woman when in reality he'll just get annoyed like a guy and respond like a guy and you'll slide in an undertone of sexist thoughts he might've had during the time and then it stacks up down the road which you started stringing together. To be blunt you keep jumping to conclusions which you aren't confirming which is causing a back lash on him because he genuinely doesn't try to be sexist and you assuming he's being sexist is like tying the noose to your relationship stop thinking negatively and just move on.P.S. You don't have to take this seriously this was from the perspective of an inexperienced guy that had to deal with people calling him sexist/toxic/racist on a weekly basis so by all means ignore this if you think it's only going to screw things up
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,It’s not going to solve everything but I think getting to know her better would be a good first step. This may help you to understand her as a person which will hopefully help to put your mind at ease. Good luck
 ,Just because someone has tomboyish characteristics doesn't mean they are gay. Fuck off buzzfeed
 ,As an ex muslim who live in egyptIslam is cancer especially for womenEven if i cannot get out of my  country you westerns can stop this before it takes over your country
 ,The "good on you" app is a great resource for anyone looking to buy ethically sourced clothing. They ran a similar article to this one
 ,In 2017 female doctors were paid an average of $105000 less than their male counterparts: https://money.cnn.com/2018/03/14/news/economy/gender-pay-gap-doctors/index.htmlThis 2018 article breaks down the gap by field in Engineering (spoiler alert: men out-earn women in every one): https://alltogether.swe.org/2018/04/pay-gap-in-engineering/"The truth seems to be that once relevant confounding factors are accounted for male and female CEOs earn similar compensation" according to this 2018 paper: https://corpgov.law.harvard.edu/2018/04/21/is-there-a-gender-gap-in-ceo-compensation/All of the above were on the first page of Google results when searching for "female male wages [occupation]". It took me less than a minute total to find all three of those articles. In addition to the above you can check out the US Census for more info on the wage gap by occupation: https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/industry-occupation/median-earnings.htmlInterestingly enough the 2017 data for that table does show that the average female CEO makes 74.7% of what their male counterpart makes. I didn't read much of the last article I linked so I am not sure of what the "relevant confounding factors" are that they are alluding to.
 ,No one can read this
 ,The truth reveals itself
 ,Do you have any info if this is the case in countries in Western Europe?
 ,[removed]
 ,Any sources to show examples that people of different genders in the same profession/company make more/less?Google after reviewing found that it paid women paid more than men but no none talks about that just pointless complaining.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Did you mean conquer? Well if they do manage to reach the summit then that's another 2 females added to the list of people that have climbed Mt. Everest which is a huge accomplishment. But the point about woman wearing white clothes no jewellery and eating only veg meals is terribly wrong. These are all traditions of Brahmin and other ethnic groups living in the hills and Terais but definitely not people like Sherpas who live in the north.The actual practice is that woman wear white clothes and no jewellery on the year that her husband died while the immediate family will not celebrate any festivals that year and no have salt during the mourning period which is 13 days.
 ,I'm not sure how I feel about this...
 ,Who's the one that's not Kylo Ren?
 ,[removed]
 ,So basically you're using two very very terrible people to convey your argument on why dudes are bad and they aren't even real.
 ,If I were in your situation I'd send him a message explaining why this is hugely problematic for you and see how he responds.  If he respects you at all or has any sense of empathy he might get it. He may apologise and work to be better - a surprising amount of people have this hugely reactionary mindset when faced with what they call 'PC' culture (or being a decent human being) with no context for how it actually impacts people to act like that. If he respects you that context may help.  If it doesn't help I'd tell him that you can't maintain the a friendship with him because his mindset is one that makes women feel unsafe and it's not something you can ignore.  Though full disclosure - I'm a guy so my approach may not address some of the concerns a woman with lived-in experience might have of this.
 ,As an American man who once had similar attitudes on rape jokes I would echo what someone else said in this thread and just tell him how it makes you feel. There is a culture that trivializes rape and it's hard to see it in that more serious context if you aren't taken out of it and put a human face to it. It sometimes just takes someone talking to you about these things to make you look at them from a different perspective. See how he reacts. It may not be immediate and you will have to weigh out how important the friendship is to you and the work it will take to change his views against the the hit your mental health will take to do so. That said I think it's worth it. People can and do change. They sometimes just need a little help.
 ,I would bring it up to him. I would ask is saying you would rape a person something you would consider a compliment? I am very curious what his answer would be. We need to speak up in these instances or nothing will ever change. He needs to know you are upset by it and why. He needs to be told. If we lose friends for standing up for what is right so be it.
 ,[removed]
 ,Not to be pedantic but the increased ability of women to stand up for themselves *does* mean "norms" have changed. "Norms" are not the same as rights; a "norm" just refers to a shared social reference point often identified and critiqued from a perspective of moral interest. So where norms are wrong ethicists (such as feminists) try to *shift* norms such as the way that the standards for acceptable behavior in the workplace have shifted dramatically over the last few generations.
 ,Honestly being touched is so jarring. I am a man and it happens less than once a month but it always shocks me when someone puts their hand on my shoulder or grabs my arm to grab my attention. I can only imagine it happens 100 fold more for women and the belly rubbing of a pregnant woman is beyond rediculous.
 ,Joe Biden GANG
 ,The amount of convos ive had lately with 'feminist' women who are 'sad no one is allowed to be affectionate anymore' and that 'we can't even hug our children these days' has driven me to the brink.
 ,Biden is a creep and whoever has his back is no better!
 ,Being touched inappropriately can essentially be a micro aggression that implies “it’s mine if I want it”. So gross and a complete violation of human rights.
 ,Yep for both sexes.
 ,Nah man. In this world it is my job that flies out the window whenever I carelessly touch a member of the opposite sex
 ,And be branded a sex offender the rest of your life* and instantly lose your career path* and be made an outcast of society*
 ,Orang man bad
 ,Social norms HAVE changed. Not a lot but they have you can’t hit women anymore verbal disrespect isn’t acceptable anymore can I go on or do I get stopped by the woman extremists in this subreddit?
 ,Touching females without permission isnt a social norm today
 ,But they have changed Womens' privacy and rights have become more respected also y'all need to realize that most sexual assault cases are either misunderstood or the girl just got really drunk and used rape as an escape. Rape still happens and it's terrible just less frequently than it's being portrayed.
 ,No one thinks that touching people without consent is okay if it is in any way sexual but tappning somone on the shouldef or arm happens equally to both genders and is equally annoying to respective parties so I think perhaps this one you guys should just drop.
 ,What is gray area sex? A woman either consents at a given point in time or she doesn’t. I don’t mean that to come off as accusatory but you could you clarify that? It would seem like the options are:1. The person consents2. They don’t consent3. They later withdraw consent which is the same as #24. They consent under false pretenses which is the same as #2Are you talking about the legal aspect because that I could sort of see as a gray area in regards to a guilty/innocent verdict. A lot of times guys get off despite a ton circumstantial evidence because he-said/she-said doesn’t meet “beyond a reasonable doubt”. That’s a sort of gray area but even then the encounter itself seems black and white to me the evidence is the only issue.You’re liable to get more responses if you elaborated a bit more on what constitutes a gray area for the purposes of your research. Good luck with your project
 ,I know some shit
 ,You didn't say it explicitly but I think it's worth pointing out: around the same time as Elektra and Catwoman coming out we got the terrible Daredevil and Fantastic Four movies both of which starred mostly male superheroes. No one however looked at how poorly these movies did and said "well it looks like male leads just aren't profitable." This is such a ridiculous double standard.
 ,When I was a kid I hated all movies with women as leads and TV shows and it was hard for me to say why. People would tell me it’s because it hated women but it wasn’t. Now that I’m older the reasons you give above are what I couldn’t articulate as a child - the women were made for men. The sexy outfit skin tight clothes normally obsessed with a man and always seemed to have no female friends because they are so much better than them. The modern films and TVs with women stars and stories are amazing and I love them! I’m looking forward for the next generation of women’s TV with women in mind!
 ,Thank you for taking the time to write this post. I loved Wonder Woman (haven’t seen captain marvel yet but I hope to soon) and I was quite unfamiliar with the issues around Brie Larson. Very informative and incredibly unbiased post. Well done and thank you again .
 ,I was quite interested by the extract from a recent interview with Brie and Chris which seemed to create a lot of drama on twitter because she was really snappy with Chris about a joke I believe.I've seen quite a few extracts that try to put Brie in a bad light and I feel like it's been a more subtle attempt by people to try once more to give an overly negative view of Brie which I don't like.
 ,I think Susan Sarandon bases her ideas on the theory of inertia; that if we get more women in movies and in these roles it will snowball.
 ,people don't like captain marvel because Carol Danvers was not a hopeless woman who needed a man like they make most female leads. get with the times folks Women are now being cast the same as men and it fucking rocks
 ,I hate to say this but while there is a lot of focus on the whole captain marvel fiasco and I don’t doubt for a second that people may dislike the movie because of a female lead I highly doubt that’s why it got so much hear.Because if it did Alita: Battle Angel would be a failure for the same reason but it didn’t fit passes with flying colors. And as someone who lurks in both right and left wing circles to see what both sides are saying most right wing groups have no problem with Alita.The political message that Brie Larson sent through PR before the films release while what I personally think that it’s why the film was so disliked pre-reveal. Is a completely different matter that I’m not going to get into.Unfortunately from what I’ve heard as well as what the rotten tomatoes audience score is saying. Alita was also a better movie in general.I feel like captain marvel has blown up an issue that was on its way to being solved as we are seeing many more female leads nowadays and that number seems to be increasing. And plenty of good movies have come out like Wonder Woman as well. I don’t understand why this one movie is such a big deal when we’ve seen successful movies and other media before. The representation isn’t perfect but it’s definitely improved by miles and is still improving. So why blow this up so much?
 ,[deleted]
 ,[removed]
 ,Nobody hated on brie Larson because she was a woman but because she is just an unlike able person. You say that these top critics are white men and I ask you  what is the issue with that. This white men have worked hard to attain the recognition that they have today the race of the critic does not matter and never will  a good movie is a good movie. Cat woman was trash but wonder woman was very successful. You say that now only that there are a high demand for female super heroes but the truth is that the whole superhero genre is only recently gaining demand.
 ,[removed]
 ,Ok? Good for them ig
 ,>Iqbal said at least five of those under arrest including three of  Rafi's classmates had bound her hands and feet with a scarf before  setting her on fire.  >  >"The plan was to pass the incident off as a suicide. But it fell  through after Rafi managed to come downstairs while on fire because the  scarf burned and freed her hands and feet" he said.  >  >In the ambulance fearing she might not survive Rafi recorded a statement on her brother's mobile phone.  >  >"The teacher touched me I will fight this crime till my last breath" she said. She also identified some of her attackers.She was seeking justice until the end. What a sad story.
 ,This is absolutely disgusting. How can a person agree to burn a girl alive for trying to protect herself. Its one thing for the predator to want to silence her but how the hell did he convince 16 other people to do his bidding.
 ,It sounds like a huge systematic issue in Bangladesh . If the police act like rape isn’t a big deal and 16 boys can be convinced to set a women on fire because the principle told them to they must really hate women from the very core of themselves.
 ,Ordinarily I'm the one starting shit but MOTHER OF JASON VOORHEES SOMEONE BURN THE CRIMINALS AT THE STAKE.
 ,Absolutely disgusted and horrified. Poor girl... I hope she gets justice.
 ,fuck. i have no words. this poor brave woman. ugh.
 ,I cannot remember the last time i felt physical discomfort and legitimate sickness in my stomach... Absolute tragedy 😭
 ,What is the most evil thing you can think of? This might be up in my top 10.This woman was killed for trying to protect herself from sexual misconduct. That's terrible.
 ,This is so far beyond unacceptable. What can we do? How can we make this better??
 ,What the actual fuck. That poor girl :(
 ,Utterly heartbreaking and infuriating to see such injustice and misogyny around the world...sincerely hope karma runs its course on those assholes.
 ,This makes me want to throw up
 ,This enrages me
 ,This is exactly why we need feminism. This is exactly why we *all* need feminism.
 ,Unbelievable.
 ,Good
 ,Islamic nations  amirite or amirite
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,That is so fucked up.Indian folks - How can we help?
 ,The backlash is totally gross. Bouman has contributed vastly to our understanding of the universe. Coming from a technical field she has my total respect. I wish people would have given Donna Strickland and Maryam Mirzakhani such praise for the Physics Nobel and Fields Medal but I guess their work isn't quite as easy to promote to the public.As a bit of counterpoint a *lot* of propaganda was quickly churned out to promote Bouman's work and to promote women in science and not all of it was quality! Most of what I saw was great - "meet Dr. Katie Bouman the scientist responsible for the black hole image!" As is the fashion with viral news though many headlines and graphics used erroneous descriptions that went past hyperbole to describe her achievement (e.g. one graphic that I recall emphasized that Bouman single-handedly created this result and that the news media is actively suppressing her story because of her gender which just isn't true).. This form of publicity infuriates me because it *detracts* from progressive feminism. Instead it provides an avenue of dissent for not only anti-progressives but also for middle of the road people who might react more at the hyperbole than the celebration of a great scientist. Sadly this very sort of copy is shared by people with good intentions who are more focused on the celebration than anything else.That all being said there're a lot of good articles to share and pushing Bouman's celebration instead of making her into a centerpiece of debate is IMO the way to do it. Show the world how much women in STEM kick ass.
 ,Physics is at the core of every science and much of we know of physics we gained by gazing up at the stars. Elon designed an electric car. It was not the first electric car. And a space ship. It was not the first space ship. He's just a quirky businessman with a future boner. Does Reddit honestly consider him a "scientist"? Lol.
 ,Elon Musk is Donald Trump for tech bros and Reddit pedants
 ,And Dr. Bouman exploits zero workers!
 ,Eat the rich
 ,I'm just sad to see these two names next to each other one is a researcher dedicating her life to advancing human knowledge the other is a billionaire with a pretty face smiling nicely in PR campaigns.
 ,I'd upvote this twice if I could.
 ,*Image Transcription: Twitter Post*---**Alex Howland** @backslashElon Musk: \*Is CEO of SpaceX Tesla\*People: "Elon made electric cars! Elon's taking us to Mars! Elon Elon Elon!"Katie Bouman: \*Invents an algorithm to see black holes leads the team that executes it\*People: "hold up I mean it was a team effort why does she get the praise?"---^^I'm&#32;a&#32;human&#32;volunteer&#32;content&#32;transcriber&#32;for&#32;Reddit&#32;and&#32;you&#32;could&#32;be&#32;too!&#32;[If&#32;&#32;you'd&#32;like&#32;more&#32;information&#32;on&#32;what&#32;we&#32;do&#32;and&#32;why&#32;we&#32;do&#32;it&#32;click&#32;here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/TranscribersOfReddit/wiki/index)
 ,[removed]
 ,Bouman absolutely deserves respect and credit. Elon singlehandedly can be attributed for SpaceX and Tesla. Fuck all this pettiness surrounding them people behind massive accomplishments deserve to be surrounded with praise either way even if they don't do things entirely on their own.
 ,I just want to take a moment to say...WOOHOO! GO KATIE BOUMAN! FUCK YEAH!
 ,AGREED. But also I think she has pointed out that it was a team effort that she couldn’t have done this on her own. Whereas Elon... haven’t really heard much praising of teamwork from him.
 ,[removed]
 ,It’s not because she was a woman it’s because there actually was a team effort behind her hundreds of people worked on that project and it isn’t worth it to attribute a massive scientific discovery to one single person however devoted they were. On the other hand Elon Musk was completely self made he built his fortune on his own and grew and developed because of that if it weren’t for Elon HIMSELF spaceX wouldn’t exist.
 ,Not a feminist because the feminist in my birthplace is obnoxious.I just can not get why people will discredit dr. Bouman. She is a huge part of the project and the team agrees to let her become the face of the project. The algorithm is her dream and she make it come true( she mentioned her method to get the picture couple years ago in tedtalk) . She is professional and earn my respect(I don’t really like feminist figure like cardi B Amy Schumer or Hilary Clinton). She delivered her work through act and deserve to be credit in the project. I surely love to hear more about the contribution from other people in the team and let them have their deserved credit but the fake credit to a man to discredit Dr. bouman is just a fiesta and shit storm. She is a great scientist who is a huge part of a great project she use her hard work to prove her ability. She deserve respect. Sure  other participant are important and it would be great for people to share the contribution of other scientist in the project  as long as the  information  is true( talking about the pic made by some democrats group I think? Focus only on dr bouman gender and made false claim like the whole project is single handedly lead by her or downgrade her from a phd to a MA and disrespect her profession saying go Katie instead of using a formal respective tone.) it would be great if reddit digs deeper and list other contributor without discredit or undercredit dr bouman just for their narrative.
 ,Here's the story: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/society/2019/apr/17/girl-expelled-kneed-boy-bathroom-alaska-transgenderIt's all regular high school bullshit that culminated in a kick to the groin by a girl. We have all been there. Expulsion seemed a bit harsh tho but then again maybe there was other stuff as well.
 ,How would you translate the title?
 ,The men running with boobs had me dying 😂
 ,[removed]
 ,I get the point of the post and + but...To be honest a bit of me thinksREG \[clap\]U \[clap\]LAR \[clap\]DAD \[clap\]Must we make this exceptional?
 ,So many assholes were posting this pic and calling the dad a cuck. He seems like such a sweet man.
 ,This is so wholesome we need more of this! The daughter looks so happy too :’)
 ,I love this. It’s super sweet and definitely what we should be teaching our children (both boys and girls) but the shirt is just super cringe to me.
 ,[removed]
 ,I like the idea and I'm not trying to concern troll but I sort of think that it might be more appropriate when the daughter is teenage or older. This child seems young to be dating at all. I think introducing kids to age appropriate conversations about consent and respect is really really really important but for some reason the shirt just seems in poor taste.
 ,Can we please make the bars for 'dad of the year' higher than not seeing his daughter as his property?We would never give women the title 'mother of the year' for wearing a T-shirt outlining stuff that should be pretty basic. So by calling this guy 'dad of the year' we are saying we really expect very little of men. And that is a shame. Because men can be amazing parents and if we want more of them to be we should probably see that as the normal (as it should be) instead of exceptional.  So great shirt and nice of him. I hope he also is a great dad and that his childeren grow into happy and fulfilled adults.
 ,I want to give that dad a hug. I hope more people learn from his example!
 ,Love this OP thank you for sharing!
 ,oh my god the first line of that shirt triggered my fight or flight
 ,This is the best thing I've seen all day I love it so much
 ,She is obviously not old enough to make the rules. I don’t get it.
 ,I was with the shirt till it said feminist father. You dont have to spell it out.
 ,Cringe. This is stating the obvious and we wanna give this guy a cookie for putting on a t-shirt? Good lord let's have a word with ourselves
 ,What a wonderful and STRONG man to be proud of sharing this message with her and with all of us.Wonderful father. Super jealous over here!!
 ,I bet he loves getting dicked with a strap on
 ,Lmao
 ,I was genuinely expecting a low quality shitpost before I read the shirt. Heartwarming 😊
 ,Hmm why is that 6 year old dating?
 ,Pretty sure both people make the rules in a relationship. But hey this is feminism what more can you expect?
 ,Handsome !
 ,The order should be 4-3-2-1 but it's great in any order!
 ,At least she has a dad.
 ,Wow! Great shirt!
 ,I thought feminism was for equality we’re way past that now
 ,Cringe! What a simp
 ,Cringe
 ,I get that this man is a nice person and it's clear that he has a warm relationship with his daughter. However can someone please explain to me realistically why this t-shirt should be praised. Think about it: You're a woman. A guy comes over the house to pick up your daughter and your intuition tells you that this guy is a creep and only wants one thing from your daughter. Are you seriously going to allow this pervert take your daughter out and hurt her! After all "HER BODY HER RULES!"? I certainly hope not!With that said what difference does it make whether your protector is your mother or your father. A parent who loves her/his child tries to protect her/him! Wouldn't it be better to give the "Dad of the Year!" award to the dad that wears a shirt that says "I stand behind my daughter 100%!"
 ,How about both sides work together like any healthy relationship
 ,What a pussy
 ,“I don’t make the rules” and that’s why we have 15/16 year olds having babies.
 ,https://www.reddit.com/r/sequence/comments/bfm5yy/silence_those_liberals/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
 ,Why girls should be the only one to "make the rules" of a date ??? The boys doesn't "have a body too" ?BTW as a parent you have to "make the rules" of the minor child you are responsible of.
 ,More like cucked father
 ,Where’s his daughter?
 ,Orange man bad
 ,Her body her rules. Isn’t that a little overkill for what looks like a 6 or 7 year old child? can’t the kid just play and not be pulled into this political nonsense. Cool shirt dad but maybe you should be building your child up socially and emotionally to the point that she won’t date asshole men? When I was that child’s age I was playing with the moss between the concrete with a stick. Let children be children for heavens sake
 ,Amazing how a father can look so much like a virgin
 ,He's not gonna be so smug  when his daughter has a baby at 15 and he's the one who has to take care of it.
 ,How about they both make the rules? A relationship is a team effort
 ,This girls first boyfriend will be able to kick this guys ass.
 ,But what if she wants to have sex with her dad
 ,Yes letting her decide to have sex at what appears to be 10 is sooo progressive.
 ,So if she wants a baby but the boyfriend doesn’t it doesn’t matter? He has to have sex anyway? Doesn’t seem right.
 ,[removed]
 ,Aren’t rules 3 and 4 the same?
 ,Where is the said daughter?
 ,Not sure about how ethical it is to self identify as a feminist as a man but I mean his intent is good I guess.
 ,As an anarchist i don't believe in rules. Rules either are enforced or get broken. We need respect and culture. respect to fellow humans respect to their wishes and wellbeing. everyone deserves the best in this sweet but so seemingly short life.
 ,At that age children need rules though.
 ,Shouldn't both of them make the rules as it should be an equal relationship? Not just the girl...
 ,Do you like men?
 ,Sadly I don't have any video's for him to watch maybe some other advice tho. If I were you I wouldn't expose him to any feminism (/left) standpoints because he'll experience those as "extreme left". Most people when confronted with such wildly different ideas then thereown "lock up" and get even extremer. It might be better to ease him into it. Don't let him watch a playlist just yet. Stupid question I know but have you tried talking to him asking him questions about his points of views? It would be good to know exactly what he is thinking. It is often better to let him do the thinking himself. This way he changed his own mind he is in charge (or so he will feel)  even though you gave him those ideas.
 ,Check out r/breadtube for tons of suggestions. For specific people I highly suggest Contrapoints; she’s a good bridge between these two worlds.
 ,Watch Wynonna Earp. Feminist and positive LGBT but all wrapped up in a fun kick ass show with smart witty dialogue so he can't say you're "throwing it in his face" ... that is all.
 ,I’d recommend ContraPoints on YouTube her targeted audience is young right wing men. Lots of men have credited her for popping the alt right bubble they were in.
 ,Well in my experience there is nihilistic alt-right "everything is bullshit"  black pill the misleading and often false "everyone on the left and in the mainstream media are a bunch of idiots" alt-right blue pill and finally the outright dangerous "there is a mass conspiracy in the world led by the jews to bring sharia law into our kindergartens which is why girls want make me an incel" red pill.Now contrary to popular belief it is ill adviced to add pills from the Left in order to counter this. These pills are the "western civilization must save the world" green pill  the "feminism is universal" pink pill and finally the "there is a mass conspiracy in the world led by men to make me fail because I am a woman and also some people secretely hate gays and blacks" purple pill.There are some pills in addition to these such as the "Porn and art are not mutually exclusive" turquoise pill the "Majority is always correct" gray pill and the "Minorities are morally superior" rainbow pill that both sides tend to ingest in equal measure depending on the situation.Just like fat solouble vitamins; ingesting a tiny bit of all of these pills regularly is healthy. Eating too much of one thing however is bad. As Ezio Auditore said: "Everything is true. Nothing is permitted"The cures are as follows:Black pill:  Access to reliable verifiable and unbiased information Blue pill: Interaction or open debate in real life with a moderate smart and sensible member of the left that can provide sensible arguments to single topics (such as yourselves). This applies to blue pilled left as well.Red pill and purple pill: A newspaper in combination with a vigourous cure for black pill and possibly some real life friends and/or doctor prescribed psychostimulants. Green pill: Immigration (and you are the one immigrating)Pink pill: Living in the countryside for a week without electricity cars or a grocery storeTurquoise pill : Real life counterparts to the art in questionGray pill: Hiatus on mainstream social media and comfort zone politicsRainbow pill: Idiots of said minorityI have no video suggestions for you. I can't be bothered.Edit: Oh finehttps://youtu.be/kS-lwg8ose0
 ,Sounds like indoctrination let him believe what he wants
 ,https://youtu.be/8M7KGe2UnmE
 ,All my guy friends who gets vag on the reg watches contrapoints.
 ,First of all that’s not alt right second of all if he is the Ben Shapiro watching type asshole then I wouldn’t recommend arguing with him because he will never back down. I’d recommend a more nuanced approach of baiting him into saying something that ends up to be pretty discriminatory. but not in a arguing way. He needs to learn and become self aware himself. As far as you tube videos there’s this german dude called three arrows who’s really good at exposing shit like prager UEdit: for anything lgbt related tell him that he shouldn’t give a shit about other people(in context) and how around the world they can be killed for their way of life
 ,He's either become an incel or a edgy memer. He's screwed either way.
 ,[removed]
 ,He probably shouldn't be watching anything. He needs to get out of the house and make some friends and get involved in some activities that make him feel good about himself. Or maybe show him some articles about the psychology of people who sit around watching alt-right videos all day. Maybe he will not want to be identified with that type?
 ,What an amazing strong and supportive family she had. She was strong truly a superhero and her family still supported her even though they were likely attacked for doing so. That is true family love and strength.
 ,Inspiring.
 ,heartbreaking
 ,This story is so horrific that the title alone is enough to bring one to tears. I struggled just to get through the article with each line worse than the previous. It's almost unimaginable that such evil people exist. I hope they hang every one of these evil perpetrators.
 ,That’s how Mafia works
 ,Problem countries are: Albania Armenia Azerbaijan China Georgia Hong Kong (SAR of China) India Republic of Korea Montenegro Taiwan (Province of China) Tunisia and Vietnam.If heterosexual dating was game the lads living in these countries will be on hardcore mode for the next couple of years. Thank God hentai exists!
 ,That’s a cooncidence
 ,Ah yes Democrat propaganda for 2020. Never mind the weapons sales or the rising national debt or the opoid crisis. Our leaders have vaginas now and it is going to change everything.
 ,> *ERBIL (Kurdistan 24) – A Kurdish woman from Kirkuk Province on Wednesday received her driver’s license for large trucks becoming the area’s first female motorist to be awarded the hard-earned document.*  >  > *Acquiring a general-type license requires testing that is much more difficult in comparison to the rest as holders are allowed to drive any range of vehicles from light to heavy including taxis.*  >  > *Since it is not widely accepted in the country as a whole for women to operate heavy vehicles or taxis it is a rarity for female drivers to try out to obtain one.*  >  > *Speaking with Kurdistan 24 Shaida Abdul-Majid the female applicant said the reason she had sought the license was to “break society’s norms” and does not intend to become a truck driver.*  >  > *Although the number of female drivers has risen sharply since the start of the decade there is still a stigma especially in the more conservative areas of the country around it.*
 ,They have multiple all-female military combat units too. They're awesome.
 ,The backlash was about excesive donations to a non critical social function yes? (Also: the tits on that woman with the purple dress. Dayum!)
 ,Most important quotes for the article.>In the meantime the cascade of cash that materialized overnight to save the cathedral has raised eyebrows in France still in the throes of a crippling protest over rising social inequality There are huge amounts of african and middle eastern immigrants who have no shelter and barely any food to get by while white people hoard everything in paris resulting in a massive amount of inequality. I just can;t believe it.>“If they can give tens of millions to rebuild Notre Dame then they should stop telling us there is no money to help with the social emergency” >“In just a few hours today 650 million euros was donated to rebuild Notre Dame” South Africa-based journalist Simon Allison tweeted. “In six months just 15 million euros has been pledged to restore Brazil’s National Museum. I think this is what they call white privilege.”White people should be completely ashamed for what they have done. I guess white privilege should be counted as a disability because I can't for the life of me wonder why so many are blind.  Also I know the I inserted a little bit into the headline that is not part of the article headline. If it is a mistake I will change it but I will admit that I made it a little more attention grabbing(thought truthful) because I was unconfident the original title alone would suffice to interest women in this subreddit. Wanted eyes on this story about greed. White people exploit women and then these are the only times we ever see their wealth be used for something. I shake my head at this.
 ,Interesting you could practically switch the "bad" and "good" body types around for an ad today as our beauty standards have changed since then yet the evo psych crowd will continue to yammer on about how it's all down to thousands of years of evolution health and fertility markers etc. and men just can't help these deeply ingrained feelings...No. It's about cultural ideals.
 ,What the fuck is wrong with that school? People shouldn't corner people just because they think other people don't belong in the bathroom and self defense is a perfectly reasonable response to such actions. Schools do not watch out for children's safety do they?
 ,I just read the article and would clarify that they apparently blocked not locked the door.However the reason for the boys going to the bathroom make this story even more ridiculous as they tried to protest against transgender boy who used the boys bathroom. Here is a related Twitter thread for anyone interested: https://mobile.twitter.com/savannahmoisan/status/1116817585389989890?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1116817585389989890&ref_url=about%3Asrcdoc
 ,Boys will be boys right? And women will be punished for fighting back.
 ,Okay why aren't her parents pitching a goddamn fit to the school board? Because I would take the school administration and go right on up the district chain to include the superintendent and the School Board. These boys trapped this girl she was rightfully terrified and she defended herself. THEY should all be expelled.
 ,Ahh yes and it's *trans people* invading bathrooms
 ,Wtf? I thought Alaska was a “Stand your ground state?” Oh wait I forgot what that really means...
 ,I smell a lawsuit
 ,What you guys are seeing is zero tolerance fighting policies in play. Mine had one where if you get beat up and defend yourself you are also punished for fighting at school. Sometimes worse than whoever punched you.
 ,She did the right thing. Good for her for defending herself. What a terrifying situation to be in.
 ,This is just ridiculous
 ,# get this principle and superintendent fired plus any teacher involved with suspension/expulsion
 ,I accidentally read the title as “sacred girl” and now I want that to be what we call all trans women who are proud enough and brave enough to be themselves in high school.
 ,Sue.
 ,this is actually disgusting and makes me a young female student so scared for the future
 ,Girls will be girls
 ,Fuck that school. Adults my ass.
 ,I found this in the Washington Post so it is a legit story. I don't think the school can get away with this though having worked in public schools for 12 years I'm not surprised they did it. I'd chalk it up more to school incompetency than anything else.
 ,So sad that our trans youth can't even go to the bathroom without being scared. NO ONE SHOULD HAVE TO FIGHT TO FEEL SAFE IN A BATHROOM. This is the stuff that traumatizes trans kids. Why is she expelled? The boy's who did this should be in trouble not her. My heart goes out to her and anyone else who has ever gone through something like this. <3
 ,(Im a guy) I've gotten suspended for protecting myself when a bully attacked me. It's not because they are trans its because the school system sucks.
 ,We can all agree if this is what happened it's horrible. But is there any better news articles on this? This website seems a bit biased.
 ,[removed]
 ,We have some brigading in the comments and voting manipulation. Please report trolls and comments that do not follow the sidebar rules. To those who are confused please follow the rules on debating and remember to show respect and courtesy. Please also check out the posts on this same topic on r/AskFeminists before commenting if you are not from this community. Thanks everyone!
 ,[removed]
 ,Surely it depends on what the preceeding sentence was?Example A:'All men have a responsibility to fight against rape and sexual assault.''Not all men are rapists.'*(real meaning: I don't care about this issue)*Example B:'Men are pigs.''Not all men are pigs.'*(real meaning: I get that you're frustrated but that was a sexist generalization)*
 ,Agreed 100%. What is most insulting is that this type of response is essentially a “hey I personally am not like that”. It is more important to protect their egos than to acknowledge that by defending ALL men (or not all men) they negate a horrible reality that we need to live with day in and day out.
 ,I feel as though "not all men" is a means of avoiding accountability but to be fair broad generalizations do not dictate the consensus.  I'm not so sure that pushing back against a generality makes you complicit though I can understand what you're trying to say.
 ,I agree with you in theory I'm just wondering... to what extent should we expect people (men?) to crusade for these things? A lot of people are not in positions of power themselves to stand up for what's right they're just trying to get by. I guess what I'm saying is... I think that the onus should be less on individual men and more on the system and top-down institutional change.
 ,"Apathy is a tacit vote of support for the status quo."
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Entirely agreed.I'm trying even harder now it's hard to both try to influence your toxic surroundings (my coworkers etc..) while also prevent being ostracized or labelled which would cut me off and stop them listening. I often have to make baby steps or avoid certain words.Obviously it's way easier for me as a dude which is why I'm trying and I haven't got much to lose.
 ,A good man should never have to say "not all men".  A good man should already know if he is truly a good man and the women and other men around him will know he is a good man by his actions not his denials.
 ,[This](https://imgur.com/a/v5B0RWN)
 ,I thought about this awhile and re-read the original post a few times.I wonder two things about the "all men": 1) Who is your target audience? 2) What is the purpose of your statement?If the target audience is feminists and feminist allies then yeah you're not likely to get pushback. Males who are feminist will likely understand and know there is no reason to respond negatively.If the target audience is the specific group that is perpetrating the slight it's highly unlikely a member of that demographic is going to feel anything but defensive about a general statement like that. It's human nature I think when ideas which are seen as threats causes us to resist initially.It's confusing is what I'm saying. I don't claim to know a lot about feminism I'd like to keep an open mind. I'm just not sure what people actually mean when they make general statements. And if I'm confused what is the guy who doesn't follow politics closely but sees the meme stating "men are ....." thinking?If you just want support then fine. Many of the subs dedicated to political issues are exactly that. If you want people to engage in honest and difficult discussions well it might be valuable to self reflect on the efficacy of such strategies.
 ,I think the fact that it you believe it is "all men" (which I happen to agree with) shows it is not necessarily the fault of all individuals males but a societal and historical issue.It becomes increasingly difficult for people to accept their behaviour when we approach the situation with pure antagonism. I believe the most prudent course of action is to slowly and painfully deconstruct and thus unravel the patriarchy and its intersecting solidifiers to them.&#x200B;I doubt men do not "care"; rather they have trouble accepting something so horrible and painful.
 ,Listen it isn't fair for me to be compared to rapists thieves adults. I am 14 years old why should I be considered a problem because some other people of my gender are a problem? It's not like women can't rape as well.First of all it's their parents' fault for not teaching them right.Second the developed world already knows that rape is bad. Almost everyone who didn't change now probably won't change anymore (sadly..) unless they recieve the proper punishments. Now we need to take action on the least developed countries - but for some reason we keep on focusing on the West. Third I refuse to be dishonored because of other people's actions. I've never hurt any woman and I am still considered a rapist because I am a man?"War. Murder. Rape. All of those three words have one thing in common. Men." I am pretty sure most people recognize this sentence from a video on YouTube. It even was an advertisement. Now I have nothing related to any of those things so yes not all men are rapists. Not all men are bad people. Not all men. And not all women. Especially *not all humans.*But that doesn't mean I don't care. I will always teach and help my friends my family and hopefully my future wife and kids to avoid being rapists killers thieves...and I'll do what I can to raise awareness for those problems for the people I see.It's a question of individualism and self-respect. I'm not a bad person just because I want to defend myself from other people's attacks. I'm sorry if you disagree with me. But I just want to prove I am a good person. And how do I do that online besides of telling you I am not a bad person just because I am a man?(A good day to the sub and the OP. I'm sorry if I sound aggressive on any of the sentences just a little frustrated.)
 ,Men: ***NOT ALL MEN!!1!!11!!!1***Also Men: Overly protect their daughters
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,We ALL currently participate in patriarchal systems even us die hard feminists.  I feel like i learn this more and more every day.  Dismantling systems requires healthy self reflection uncomfortable criticism and hard work.  "Not all men" proves the speaker isnt willing to do any of that.  Its not helpful.
 ,“Not all men” but then ask them for their views about men/boys in regards to their daughters dating. Suddenly generalizing all men is ok?
 ,Crossposting from Ask Feminists because I think it belongs here. “For me it’s like this.  I’m an American. When I travel people often say to me oh Americans are all fat/eat a lot of hamburgers/never leave their home country/can only speak one language — whatever stereotype you get. Now I personally am/do none of these things. That does NOT change the fact that most Americans do eat hamburgers 2/3 of us have never had a passport 2/3 of us are overweight or obese more than 80% of us speak only one language etc. I am NOT going to get all butthurt by these comments or insist that they don’t apply to ME because I know I’m personally not really the topic of the conversation.  And they are pretty much true of the majority of Americans. It should be the same for men.”
 ,"Not all men" is just the "No true Scotsman" fallacy and is used quite commonly used in many situations. If a person were to use the acronym ACAB(all cops are bastards) you can be sure a very similar quote of "not all" would come rather quickly but just like your statement they are simply washing over the problem of bad cops getting away with awful acts because hey "not all cops are bad"...That is just my example to go along with your point anyway...
 ,The "not all [x]" shit just comes off like the people saying it think they're immune to the effects of being born raised and living their whole lives in a world that constantly bombards us all with propaganda. No single person is to blame for patriarchy but no single person is going to be able to avoid participating in society while existing in it either we all have expectations forced upon us and it can be difficult to act outside of those even when we want to.It's all of us it's everyone men are a part of everyone everyone includes me everyone includes you raise your hand if you've got nothing new to learn. If your behaviour is perfect all the time please say so I would love to meet the actual reincarnation of christ.Every time a minority says "fuck my oppressor they suck" instead of taking it as a learning opportunity it just has to be interpreted in the most disingenuous way possible. Pretending it's a personal attack to avoid having to acknowledge the system it's really talking about is incredibly see-through. Trying to flip it around on the person and calling them "man hater" "anti-white" "trans cult" or whatever other nonsense while simultaneously dismissing or drowning out their complaint outs chuds instantly but it's still obnoxious.
 ,Here is what I don't understand. If it truly is All Men then who exactly is the target audience of your complaint? Surely it's not women because as you've stated men are the **only ones** who can stop this. Surely it's not the direct perpetrators because that's who you are trying to stop. Surely it's not those who subvert your point with grammatical semantics because they are complicit and therefore included among All Men.  And surely it cannot be those true "good men" who posses the power to stop all of this because according to the phrase "All Men" they don't exist. If you truly think that men are the **only ones** who can act on the behalf of women and stop all of this why in the world would you campaign behind a phrase that paints every. single. man. as a monster? That is just ludicrous. You're not supposed to insult someone before you ask for them to save you.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 , [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ob9135VbCY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ob9135VbCY)
 ,If i wrote despacito despacito i like despacito life isWould that mean 5hat all mean believe it is and have yoda speech even in text? No!
 ,[removed]
 ,Wow what a toxic way to view 4ish billion people. To generalise a sex is sexist unless you have asked everyone in sed sex and they have all confirmed your accusations or you have hard evidence of that accusation.Of this is feminism then I'm not for it I'm for equality for everyone.
 ,The problem with men who love "not all men" argument is that they don't recognise do not realise hierarchies around them because they fetishise their life expirience over some social tendencies that should be questioned to move forward. They can't even question their lifestyle.Sticking to old rules being  is much easier than changing yourself to better.In fact reactionary ideology usually fetishises "personal life experiences" over generalisations that are not absolute but more or less reflect social reality.The system of oppression and generally **determines some tendencies that could occur on massive scale** creating a risk of harassment. So it's not "nature" to blame but lack of automation that in my view determines human freedom.
 ,Shut the fuck up. You just see all men as these monsters that rape all woman but in reality they aren’t. Most are just trying to be a good guy and live on with their life and then they see people like you bitching about the most retarded shit ever. Fuck off.
 ,I feel like that’s the response when men are actually generalized. I agree it’s a very inappropriate response when someone just HAPPENS to be criticizing a man for his wrongdoings. But when all men are being generalized it’s a problem. I and many other men do support gender equality. Women are just as capable and deserve equal treatment. So to say all men do these horrible things is to alienate the ones who support you. So yes not all men.
 ,This feels a lot like when conservatives slam all Muslims any time any follower of Islam commits an act of terror.
 ,InterestingI had an ex girlfriend who tore my heart out and cheated on me repeatedly she was a really shitty person who had no morals and treated me like I was sub human. Her friends took her side so by your logic all women are trash?
 ,True masculinity is protecting and standing up for those that can't. If you don't then you waste your masculinity. Everyone should be treated equally.
 ,Everything about this is fucking stupid. Not ALL men doesn’t mean ‘we don’t care’ it means NOT ALL MEN. How stupid are you?
 ,Hoes mad
 ,If you say " Men are all pigs" Then we can say "not all men are pigs"unless you want us to say "All women are just dumb stupid objects that complain about everything" but you guys would get mad for us being sexist when you guys made a sexist generalization about men.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,I’m going to guess that these are fairly new ideas to you that you are still working on and try to be helpful. I’m with you up to your antepenultimate paragraph which is seriously problematic and though I don’t think it was your intention runs dangerously close to erasing the notion that women are human beings who make decisions take actions suffer consequences and live in the world. That whole paragraph confuses ego with bodily autonomy is not helpful for your main point and needs to be drastically rethought. Consent does not have conditionals as you are arguing for; it is continuous and affirmative. You are blurring the lines by confusing the act with the pretext. Tricking people is wrong regardless of context but it is a different wrong than rape. Violating someone’s bodily autonomy takes their ability to make a choice away. Tricking someone is different. If I tell you I need five dollars because I am starving and don’t have any money for food and you give me five dollars but I use it to buy drugs I have tricked you and that is not a nice thing. But I did not rob you of your ability to make a choice. I didn’t forcibly take the five dollars from you. I didn’t violate your bodily autonomy. I hope you can see the difference in this less horrible example. I know what you are going for but it is enough to say tricking someone into sex is wrong without equating it to rape. As for your second point not everybody fucks the same and humans like to discuss that. Some women like to just lay there and some men do too and that is totally fine and others are totally fine with it not being their thing and discussing it with their friends. I can tell that your concern is in the right place but instead of making judgements about the woman in that case let’s focus on determining if there was consent and leave the judgements about sexual preferences out of it.
 ,When a woman says "All Men are..."You have just given every man listening a reason to stop paying attention to you and your ideas. I certainly do as I know I am faced with a person incapable or unwilling to offer a nuanced and thoughtful exposition of her point and debases her position by gross over-statement.
 ,Actually the term not all men is true. Not all men are murderers. Not all men are abusers. Not all men are rapists
 ,Man:does something badFeminists:omg guys this guy is such a monsterWoman:does something badFeminists: sits in corner and remains quiet
 ,How is other men's actions my fucking responsibility? There's a lot of entitlement and toxic femininity that you could "do something about" but don't and you don't hear anybody freaking out about it. Why? Because that would be insane to do. Nobody is obligated to "fix" other people's behavior because a vocal minority finds it unacceptable.
 ,All women are egotistical narcissistic assholes.
 ,When we say not all men we don’t mean we are good we just mean whe are nit what you are saying that is :p
 ,I don’t get it... I want a simple answer to this. And why is it only the mans problem? It’s not like they’re the only people that are bad... I honestly hate myself for being a man because I am ‘grouped in’ with people who are rapists liars discriminators and misogynists.
 ,>" **Zura Karuhimbi had no weapons to defend herself when the men waving machetes surrounded her home demanding she hand over those she was sheltering inside.**  >  >She did however have a reputation for magical powers.  >  >That reputation and the fear it engendered in the group of heavily armed men was enough to keep an elderly woman and more than 100 others safe during the Rwandan genocide. Some 800000 other Tutsis and moderate Hutus would die in the ethnic violence which engulfed Rwanda in 1994 - including her first-born son and a daughter.  >  >"During the genocide I saw the darkness of a man's heart" [**she would tell The East African two decades later from the same tiny two-room house she hid so many people inside**](https://www.theeastafrican.co.ke/rwanda/News/At-almost-100-Zura-still-has-a-vivid-memory-of-1994-killings-/1433218-1740448-j1tymvz/index.html)."&#x200B;women are are often denied traditional paths to power and Zura saved many using what was available - the deep suspicion and fear of witchcraft. As with many historic women she accomplished something remarkable with very little power. Working within the system to create good  at the risk of her own life.
 ,The thing that most bugs me about lifers is that they're usually the same crowd that moans and whines endlessly about " muh taxes muh taxes" for any program designed to help a single mother care for a child snap medicaid afterschool programs teachers pay anything to help kids the same people who cheered when the administration took kids from their parents and put them in cages the same people who pass judgment on a woman who would give up her kid for adoption "how could you let your child go" the same people who dont want to talk about ways to get the shooting of children in schools under control and the same people who support the death penalty and excuse the police literally murdering people. If you ask them well you cant have an abortion you dont think a mom is entitled to any help that might marginally increase your precious taxes you dont think they should be given up for adoption just what are your solutions? Chastity....they aren't pro life. They are anti life and pro birth only. They dont give a shit about life after birth.
 ,*Don't tread on me*. But also please impose legal restrictions on what women can freely do with their own bodies.*Don't steal my money with taxes.* But also force women to have babies they can't support and then remove programs like planned parenthood. *Don't KILL fetuses.* But go ahead and kill [150 million](https://sentientmedia.org/how-many-animals-are-killed-for-food-every-day/) animals every DAY even though pigs undeniably have higher consciousness and [ability to feel pain](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/animal-emotions/201506/pigs-are-intelligent-emotional-and-cognitively-complex) than a fetus. Pro-life is terrible. I do not respect those who adhere to it.
 ,I honestly believe that my Mom should have aborted me though.
 ,is that donald?
 ,When you’re not the one who can get pregnant.
 ,Such a tough choice  there'll never be common ground.
 ,I always wonder if these so-called prolifers realize that women can die in pregnancy and childbirth. No one should decide for another if they should put their life on the line.
 ,And the one feeding a child for 18 years.
 ,Oh look another man dictating what a woman can do with her womb. When men evolve to have a uterus then they can have a say over what happens with their own 👍
 ,Shouldn't it be it's easy being a pro life when you're not being killed cause the unwanted pregnancy can kill both the mother and the baby
 ,Must be so easy to go around claiming that heartbeats are a symbol of life when you’re not the one being forced to carry the pregnancy to term. Or go around saying life is a gift and forcing teenagers to drop out of school to take care of children. That’s because it’s easy to force choices on people rather than let people take responsibility for their actions. It’s easy to want to preserve life when you don’t have to do anything but write a placard and stand by the roadside for a few hours and then go to your local bar have a few drinks before going home to find that your wife cooked cleaned took children to bed prepared their lunches and helped with the homework and didn’t force you to get involved since it’s a choice to be present or not because raising children is a woman’s job and it requires minimal effort on your part.
 ,So damn true!
 ,I'm pro choice but glad my parents were pro life.As others noted if more were done to support young mothers I think you'd have more come around to support the pro life pov. Often the pro life crowd communicates "what about the child???" When it's a fetus. But when it's born it's not their problem anymore.There should be better support programs in place better education on the subject. I see the woman's point of view there.
 ,*Image Transcription:*---[*A man and a woman standing next to each other each holding signs*][*Man's Sign:*]IT'S EASY TO BEPRO-CHOICEWHEN YOU ARE NOT THE ONEBEING KILLED[*Woman's Sign:*]ITS EASY BEING PRO-LIFEWHEN YOU ARE NOT THE ONEBEINGPREGNANT!---^^I'm&#32;a&#32;human&#32;volunteer&#32;content&#32;transcriber&#32;for&#32;Reddit&#32;and&#32;you&#32;could&#32;be&#32;too!&#32;[If&#32;you'd&#32;like&#32;more&#32;information&#32;on&#32;what&#32;we&#32;do&#32;and&#32;why&#32;we&#32;do&#32;it&#32;click&#32;here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/TranscribersOfReddit/wiki/index)
 ,"being Pregnant" lol noob
 ,If you don't want the kid put it up for adoption it's as simple as that or if that doesn't work for you just don't have a kid
 ,Shut up murderer! Oops I mean pro-abortion woman.
 ,If your performing sexual acts with your partner your choosing to take a risk of pregnancy. You don’t choose how or when your born to act like its the same is morally idiotic.
 ,I mean let's be honest here. Even I being pro-life myself think a lot of pro-life protests are unnecessarily graphic and antagonistic. This one actually seems pretty chill on both sides which I can appreciate.
 ,This photo literally destroys your whole argument if you read right to left. SINCE WHEN HAS BEING PREGNANT BEEN WORSE THAN BEING KILLED?! Would you pull a baby out of a mother's womb then slit it's throat no? Because that's murder! But if you can't see it it's not murder right? It's part of the mother's body isn't it? What this is saying is that women nowadays are choosing to be lazy and complacent and rather than bearing with the burden of childbirth as their mother did they choose to kill their children.
 ,The ironic thing is neither will ever be pregnant
 ,Put it up for adoption seriously if it’s that big a deal and it’s life threatening then possibly but for fucks sake don’t abort that is a living human
 ,I get both sides.....
 ,Itxs easy to be pro-life when the guy has no say and the court systems always rule in favor of the mother regardless of circumstances.  It's always "My body my choice" with pro-choicers.  Yet the man has absolutely no say in the matter regardless of if the woman chooses tonkeepnor abort it.  You want pro-choice?  Fine men want 50% of the votr.  If he doesnt want you to hsve it and you do forgo all child support.
 ,Not really the most solid argument. I know plenty of women that are pro-life and would much rather adopt out.
 ,[removed]
 ,The excellent Gemma Chan comments on aging racism and other issues in this Glamour article. From the article:>It isn’t lost on Gemma that on the Captain Marvel press tour sitting alongside her costars Jude Law and Samuel L Jackson and being asked approximately one thousand questions a day she doesn’t get the same line of questioning as a man. Is anyone going to ask Jude how he’s dealing with the ageing process? Actresses have to navigate this line of questioning every single day.>“Discussions around ageing have been a way of controlling women making women feel insecure about ourselves and as if they aren’t adequate” Gemma says. “We need to change things especially in the beauty industry. The ageing process is going to happen to all of us – how are we going to deal with it? I think ‘anti-ageing’ is a prehistoric term.”>Gemma is a realist when it comes to her own feelings on the subject. “Obviously I will probably have a huge freak out about it” she confides. “I completely recognise that I work in an industry where your looks and your appearance do play a part in what you get cast in for better or for worse. It’s going to be tough but at the same time I hope that I can deal with it with some grace. If you have enough in your life that you are invested in that you care about beyond the surface I think you can deal with it. If you only care about the superficial and appearances then you are setting yourself up for a fall.”
 ,Whoa whoa BIGOT you know you're not allowed to say anything against Muslims or Islam. You're supposed to disregard any and all proof that Muslim countries are overwhelmingly terrible for literally anyone but especially women. Bad feminist!
 ,I was reading this article in the morning. I loved it. I’m a tall curvy woman so I understand being an outlier might mean occasional discomfort in some areas (buying bras is tough almost nowhere has trousers in my size). What this article highlights is that women (**51% of the population!**) are treated as design and research outliers and the results are not just annoying - they’re potentially life-threatening. This cannot be stressed enough. Kudos to the author and hope this is something that gets discussed more often.
 ,I really liked this article! Only recently I started to read and think about feminism and thought that most things were far from my bed (white female in western Europe from a decently well off family without ever having had major issues) then I read this article and oh my god! So many things are just not right. Now I'm reading more and more and looking around me and seeing way more things where equality is still non existent!
 ,Generally cause we're seem as outsiders so it's like an extra name to let us know that we are outsiders
 ,I like to identify as a girl (or enby) gamer because I'm sick of getting scolded by male slurs all the time and being congratulated by "dude". The downside is the sexual harassment.
 ,>40k upvotesjesus. imagine upvoting this
 ,Heh I was raised by my Gamer Dad and he did understand online games cant be paused and he still didn't care.
 ,This is a little silly the point of the post is that more and more women are playing video games.In that case the descriptor 'gamer girls' is cringey and lame but it's not inaccurate
 ,Gamer girl used to be common synonym for an E-thot idk what it means now
 ,What about female gamers who don't want to have kids? There is so much wrong with this meme.
 ,Its a meme
 ,Jesus you guys get so triggered at everything. The joke is that mother's usually call their children down while they're gaming and that is usually what happens. Probably no one has happened with this with their father (not saying anything about gender roles just personal experience). If anything feminists put a gender at the end of everything for things such as stem related jobs and such I don't see how this is any different especially in a make-up on are activity. Calm down they aren't advocating for sexism.
 ,Also the alliteration is killer. Gamer Women doesn't sound as nice!Also dads being assumed to not parrent gets my goat
 ,Yeah they can’t do things without having to put a gender at the end. Because most gamers are males just like how most athletes are males. So what’s wrong with putting “girl” in the word to help identify the smaller group?
 , Us gamers do this as a sign for respect in the gamer nations (with an S at the end) it is considered that having a gamer girl means that you should treat her with respect because like i said long time ago if a species have a power then for that species it is not a power but more of an ability but lables and privillages make it so
 ,It's a meme. Imagine being so upset by a meme you have to goto a website and write about how much it upsets you...This was obviously made by some 12/13 year old kid who was annoyed that his mom kept telling him to come down for dinner.
 ,That first part sure they can. But if you are speaking about a female gamer then it makes it easier to understand for example "my friend is a gamer" is a sentence where the gender of the person isnt specified. But if you said gamer GIRL then you would understand its a girl and thats why the term even exists. Also men can raise children
 ,This might be because they are a minority only 6% of women indentify as gamers and 15% of men do.
 ,If you ever get on any major AAA title on the multiplayer odds are you’ll encounter more males than females. I’m not insinuating anything but what I’m thinking is that they specified the gender to make the image more relatable. This is ironic because this post is trying to praise women who play games as more understanding of a predominantly male hobby but still ended up pissing people off
 ,Maybe because for every gamer girl there are 70 guys
 ,It specifies "girls" because thats what the meme is about. If it was about doctors who are gamers then it would say that instead.
 ,It's kind of like mansplaining and manspreading
 ,Okay so this post is fucking idiotic and here’s why.1. Mansplaining manspreading and so much more I can’t be bothered to learn.2. It is a joke that mothers interupt their child who is playing a online game then tells him to pause it it was on south park once and tbh don’t even get started on your shriveld husk you call humor that isn’t allowed to joke about anything verging on offensive even though its obvious no one supports any of the things in the joke.
 ,Because when something is a minority it tends to have extra context doesn’t take a genius
 ,What are you some sort of feminist
 ,[removed]
 ,Idk Gamer Girls is a meme. “Gamer girl pee is my g-fuel” or you hear that slightly female voice in your CS:GO lobby and you whisper to your friends in discord “holy shit it’s a gamer girl.” Tbh I feel like this sub needs to loosen up. I always get a laugh out of the ridiculousness of OMG ITS A FUCKING GIRL EEEEEE.
 ,We are just girls who play games so we are gamer girls. What is the problem? They just wanted to mention women. They don't say that women are the ones who raise the children. They just say they can understand that an online game can't be stopped. They don't say gamer girls because they are women and they can't they say gamer girls because some people who play games complain about their moms telling them to stop an online game because they don't understand. Dads say that too but most of the gamers complain about moms but they don't really complain they are joking. Wow. Why are you so picky? Can't you just enjoy a post?
 ,The only thing wrong with that meme is the idea that your mum should give a shit that you can't pause your game. You live in her house you'd better follow her rules.
 ,Fuck this shit post
 ,the entire reason that gamer girls are called gamer girls is cause it's mostly guys who plays video games of course girls can play video games nobody said they can't.
 ,[removed]
 ,Women can drive in SA now?
 ,That's terrible.
 ,Im more of a conservative than a leftist and i really wanted to see what this sub was about since feminism is a more leftist thing because i wanted to see a different point of view. I go on and i see this. I thought you guys were for equality not for this shit. But what do i know since ill probably get a lot of hate.
 ,This feels like a double-standard to me
 ,Good
 ,Came here to be like "man this guy's got a way with words" before I realized who wrote it.
 ,Shouldn’t he be using that time and energy to write something else....
 ,wHy DoNT wOMEn RePoRT StaLKinG ANd SeXUaL aSSAulT??
 ,“When we looked at the circumstances leading to Shana’s murder we felt we may not have done the very best we could” Sussex Police Assistant Chief Constable Nick May said in the statement.You think?
 ,I hope everyone one directly involved in her case get 10 days off w/o pay. And gets reassigned to desk duty someplace. I hope her parents file a wrongful death suit against the PD and City. You know they are not going to fire these officers.
 ,I know we shouldn't have to but this is why we need to learn self defense. In my life I have had to break one attempted rapists arm and knock out a stalker. In the end the police wont protect us only we can.
 ,40%
 ,fAlSe ACcuSaTiOnS
 ,That isn't right.
 ,[deleted]
 ,Prior to this case they had 13 other complaints from 3-10 years ago and they claim they misunderstood what stalking was? Also she was fined for not disclosing she had been in a relationship with him??! As if NOT being in a relationship with someone doing this shit is somehow more actionable and worse? Wtf is that logic even
 ,this is really fucked up. it really does show systematic sexism that is so true and real and horrific. women NEED to be taken seriously it’s quite literally life-threatening that they aren’t getting the response and treatment they need
 ,Hope he rots in hell calling him a pig would be a compliment
 ,Why does reddit show me trending posts on subreddits im not subscribed to. I don’t care about this shit. I just wanna browse memes and stay up to date on games. I don’t wanna see this.
 ,All Cats Are Beautiful.Either people don't get that I'm saying ACAB or anti cop rhetoric is disapproved of here?
 ,Yesterday I was talking g with my brother about how a movie maybe feminist. He said "it's not feminist there's no men bashing". I was so surprised to hear that from him. I told him that feminism wasn't men bashing and that he needed to spend less time on alt-right YouTube channels.
 ,"I'm not saying I'm right. It's just how I feel."There's really no responding to that kind of mindset.
 ,I'd probably go with "Uhuh" and move on. No point in debating those who don't want a debate.  If he kept insisting I would say something along the lines of "duly noted. You can either stop mentioning it or start debating".
 ,You don't bother with him. What he describes is clearly not feminism. So send him a link to a YT video that says what feminism is actually (guys like that never read articles) and move on.I never talk with my brother about social subjects at all because of this.
 ,It must be nice to be part of a group where the biggest threat to your rights and social acceptance is a Harry Potter actor occasionally giving speeches about being nice to others.  You're brother's acting like a baby no offense. I don't think you can really engage with that mindset with words. All you can do is keep chugging along until they realize their whining doesn't cause you shame.
 ,tbh he has a lot of fair points. i'd tell him that emma watson isn't the face of feminism and that she has her faults too. introduce him to some other material.
 ,It goes both ways ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
 ,Everything he says is correct though.
 ,You should take the time to understand him and listen to him. Once you understand the core of his issues with what he thinks feminism is you can better help him understand. It’s not like his points were not valid I mean he does list several real problems however he needs to realize that women have it worse. Once you understand his viewpoints it’s easier to pick them apart and show him how he has it wrong and it’s just the stuff he watches that makes it seem like it is to him. This isn’t inequality this is simply a guy that’s pissed at the world and you need to help him.
 ,InEqUaLiTy
 ,He’s not wrong.
 ,[removed]
 ,That is just weird. Carrying tampons or seeing someone carrying tampons I don't think I would even notice.
 ,I stopped caring by high school when pretty much all girls have started their period
 ,Maybe you met a person that didn't grow out of her puberty mindset I felt a bit ashamed when I was younger as well for buying tampons or condoms but this normally ends after some time?!
 ,Just goes to show how society is biased against women and their bodily functions. I saw a story on AITA the other day about a guy asking whether he was an asshole for telling his girlfriend to stop talking about her period it made me angry because these men sexualize us and want sex on a whim but don’t want us to discuss what’s happening to us. It’s disgusting.
 ,End the stigma!Periods are normal. No reason to be ashamed. Period. (See what I did there?)
 ,I never understood this. I often buy my wife’s toiletries when I happen to be out shopping and she needs them and I am always a little shocked that so many people make comments like I’m some kind of super hero for grabbing them for her. I often don’t even know how to reply. Like gee thanks for the recognition for buying an item that I don’t use for my spouse? Why is this a big deal? Almost half of the earths population uses these. Why is it significant that I purchase them?
 ,This is hilarious! Absolutely nothing to be ashamed about.
 ,What's the context? Is the store located right next to a football stadium or a baby bunting shop? It's hard to tell why it would be "brave" for you to walk out with women's toiletries without knowing what you are walking out to.
 ,That's a strange perspective of her to have. Was she young? I could imagine one being more shy about it when they first get their period.
 ,It’s because your cashier knows the value of modesty.
 ,How exactly are shoes with heels safer to wear than flats? I always nearly bust my ass in heels and flight attendants are expected to be able to help passengers in an emergency.
 ,This surprises me coming out of Norway but I imagine even without the policy employees would still face pressure to wear makeup and subtle consequences for choosing to wear heavy makeup or no makeup at all. The airline industry is terrible and as the article states almost every airline has dated policies like this one. They’ve come a long way since the 90s when my mom was a flight attendant and was required to adhere to weight regulations (less than 125lb at 5’5”) but they have so far to go.
 ,Norway is the last country I would expect to do something so moronic.
 ,This so so absurd and horrendous I can't believe this is a new policy wtf Norwegian
 ,I was speaking to a female colleague the other day. We were talking about commute times into work (we work in Manhattan). At some point she said "I need 30 minutes to do makeup alone." This caused me to pause as this something I've never thought about. Why would I being make I'm not expected to wear makeup. I'm expected to dress appropriately but given I work in education I can pull off jeans and a shirt.I'm not aware if companies have similar policies to this airline or it's more that women will wear heels and makeup because this is what they do.
 ,I get makeup requirements in most jobs and places I work for... always feels awful always hope this becomes something of the past didn’t know companies had stopped doing this cause I experience it often
 ,I’m not sure if this is referring to the airline Norwegian but they are just goddamn horrible to fly with. Forget to give me food I paid for and then required proof. Double charged me for baggage and because they can’t see it on their system I have to prove to them that they’ve taken it.They’re a disease of an airline I’m not surprised they have these ridiculous policies. If you can treat your customers like trash for wanting what they paid for imagine what they do to their staff.
 ,If they do those things the bosses think more people will want to travel with them and thus male more money. The nordic countries are capitalist so that sort of contradiction btw capitalism and feminism still exists everyday. Thats why socialist feminist is a thing opposite liberal feminist
 ,It’s just a uniform jeez
 ,Is this not just a basic dress code so that the crew looks presentable?
 ,Why am I getting downvoted so much for asking sincere questions?
 ,Is this much different than men having to wear ties or having a specific haircut?
 ,um I have plenty of times. All the time.
 ,Wait I\`m doing this
 ,I know it's wrong to touch women like that but that woman clearly don't know about men. They do this to each other all the time.
 ,THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
 ,Yeah but girls always do that to me in nightclubs and bars ayy thinking they’re all so pretty n shit and I want them to touch me... yuck.
 ,*Image Transcription: Twitter Post*---**Shelby Lynn Graves** @Graves_FitI've never seen a man put his hand on another man's lower back/waist when trying to move past in a crowd soplease stop doing it to women.---^^I'm&#32;a&#32;human&#32;volunteer&#32;content&#32;transcriber&#32;for&#32;Reddit&#32;and&#32;you&#32;could&#32;be&#32;too!&#32;[If&#32;&#32;you'd&#32;like&#32;more&#32;information&#32;on&#32;what&#32;we&#32;do&#32;and&#32;why&#32;we&#32;do&#32;it&#32;click&#32;here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/TranscribersOfReddit/wiki/index)
 ,This subreddit
 ,I do but I'm European ;) and girls do it to me.
 ,That is because thats kinda gay
 ,But women have like bra clips and stuff on their real backs. What if my hand lands awkwardly on it and I prick myself?
 ,Literally no one does that
 , Are you complaining about being scooched which happens to everyone?
 ,unless it's from someone attractive... smh
 ,I can guess but... you mind explain a lil bit what the song says?
 ,I’d like to see some proof XD
 ,One of the boys goes “I think boys are clever than girls” uh you sure buddy?
 ,This is why I get mad when people say we don't need feminism anymore.
 ,That's awful. I hope she gets out soon.
 ,What’s the source of this picture and this information? Was there an article about her? I’m not entirely sure but if I remember correctly I think it’s the girl that disappeared about a year ago and people speculated that she got killed for protesting. It made me extremely sad to think what women have to endure in some parts of the world.
 ,I can't believe the Iranian government arrests people for shit like this.
 ,Whats the context about thisYou dont tell me nothing with thisLink? Anyone?
 ,Iran needs a new revolution.  The youth need to push this wonderful society toward a European style democracy.  Corrupt old men gave them a theocracy to provide them control in order to do their corruption in the name of Allah.Before 1979 Iran may have had a corrupt American puppet in the Shah but Teheran was the Paris of the Middle East.  Islamic conservatives and American conservatives who need them to create an enemy to fool American Christians we are nearing holy war are killing the world.  Young Middle East: rise up.  Your future and the world need it.
 ,Wonder how long it will be before women get arrested for wearing hijabs in the US.
 ,Now this is a true modern day feminist. Unlike those hair died armpit growing hair loud idiots in 1st world countries
 ,That's the culture of the country though.
 ,What is Jail gor?
 ,Islamic feminism is an oxymoron. RELIGIOUS feminism as a whole is actually oxymoronic.
 ,Endorsement of regressive ideologies or practices is strictly forbidden.In other words: the range of answers that will not result in an irrevocable ban is limited. Please keep in mind that women's issues should not be subordinated to anything else (at least not here) be it tradition or whatever the fuck.
 ,NO
 ,I'd say maybe but why bother. Be a feminist instead.
 ,No.
 ,I grew up in Bangladesh where sending your daughters/wives to school or allowing them to work was taboo. Yet there were women who did those things and still remained devout Muslims. As a result religion's stance on this topic was made obsolete over time. Religion evolves with  time and I think it's important for feminists to identify as religious so that they can introduce feminist ideas in religion.However pretending that religion (looking at you "Muslim Feminists") is feminist is laughable.
 ,I am not going to answer the question directly because debating someone's identity rarely goes anywhere. But if you try to be both a feminist and an Abrahamist you will have to eventually have to sacrifice one for the other or at least keep silent about a lot of important issues. Since no evidence for anything supernatural has come forward and the world behaves physicalistically it is best for one to choose feminism LGBT+ rights socialism etc. over religion.
 ,My religious views are like a Dali painting sagging propped up and held together by strings. I like to think that the key messages of Christianity have been distorted and erased by successive male power groups. At the core we find 1.) love one another. I also think Stephen Hawking was on to something when he said that if there is a God she has seemingly set up universal laws of physics which are seen everywhere. In other words ours is a secular universe. Prayer will not stop the Earth from spinning.I take this to mean that we should keep our religion away from things like government and formation of societal norms. Worship a shoe if you like but do not try and force that on anyone else. Our world is guided by secular laws.
 ,When debating this with my partner she made a point that you can interpret the religious texts in a feminist way.That way it's possible to be both religious and feminist and you can also have positive effects on said religions from the inside.The other half of the problem is how is it possible to interpret these supposedly perfect texts in so many different ways? But that's a topic for Atheism subreddit.
 ,[removed]
 ,This horse has been flogged enough.
 ,Nobody says that
 ,I believed in feminism for a long time but I thought that being a feminist meant bashing other genders. When I did research and educated myself at about age 11 or 12 I clung to the label. Feminism means equality - mainly gender equality/equal rights but it can be extended to pro-choice anti-racism trans ally etc.
 ,>It was shocking that neither main party pointed out he’d evaded facing sexual chargesThat's because everyone knows this wasn't the reason he was arrested. He was arrested for exposing US war crimes.What this piece doesn't mention are the rights of Iraqi women to not be massacred by the US military. This begs the question- can Iraqi women have rights?Assange personally disgusts me his politics are probably not feminist but this issue is much bigger than him. It's about the US war on whistleblowers and journalists in defense of US empire.
 ,Not really "political parties" per say but secondary to fascism itself. Cause that's what his arrest is a fascist attack by the government against a free press which exposes war crimes committed by that government. He's a journalist who is facing criminal charges for informing the public of it's governments actions. Nevermind that there have been zero arrests or charges against the soldiers who actually murdered civilians and first responders. Or their higher ups who ordered them to commit those murders. Or the government officials which sent us into these prolonged illegal wars in the first place. But hey we can treat prison like a revolving door for Chelsea Manning apparently so... no I don't actually have a sarcastic quip that one. What the government (both under Democratic and Republican control) has done to her for being a whistleblower is horrific. And now it's spreading to journalists too. Assange's and Manning's arrests are clear cut messages from those in power to the press saying: "shut up and stay in line or we are coming for you." And yeah Assange is a rapist piece of shit as a person. He deserves to be in jail. A Swedish jail. For raping a woman. In Sweden. But what's happening now has nothing to do with that unfortunately.
 ,According to the CBC Radio reports I listened to:The Swedish sexual assault charges had to be dropped because when he was in the embassy there was no way for Sweden to serve Assange as a part of their due process.Sweden is *now* looking to re-invoke (or whatever the appropriate term is) those charges.At the moment there are no sexual assault charges against Assange so the UK is appropriately processing the extradition request by the US.The problem is even if Sweden re-enstates the sexual assault charges they are likely to now be the second extradition request which might mean that US gets priority.
 ,This thread has made me overjoyed that people are speaking rationally about the larger charges and not calling for his head on a stick for telling the truth about Hillary (even if his timing was rage inducing to Hillary supporters the truth is the truth. People shouldn't want to kill a man for exposing a truth about an elected official especially potus.&#x200B;edit: I shouldna sayed larger charges other people have posted links that these women are indeed trying to bring back the charges I thought Assange was a hero looks like he's a slimeball still a good journalist though. at least now I'm not so depressed that he got picked up maybe he'll have to face some real some charges.
 ,Isn't everything second to political parties at this point though?
 ,"Ms Phillips later said she received in excess of 600 rape threats in a night."JFC.
 ,Background:The lead MEP being put forward this year by UKIP tweeted saying ‘I wouldn’t even rape you’ to this MP around 2 years ago because she didn’t believe in his views. The leader of UKIP then went on a BBC programme and said he only meant it as a joke....  this isn’t smash or pass this is dangerous people getting into dangerous power positions again.
 ,Jess Phillips is a remarkable person. And an absolute inspiration.
 ,What the fuck.
 ,this is so revolting
 ,That is super fucked (no pun intended)
 ,[removed]
 ,a "feminist" told me that if i didn't hate all men and want women to be considered superior i wasn't a feminist. HONEY THAT'S NOT FEMINISM IT'S MISANDRY
 ,I was told that thin privilege does not exist.The exact people who argue about white privilege male privilege cis privilege straight privilege flat out flipped the switch and used the same **exact** arguments they mocked others for having because they don't want to recognize fat people as the majority being systematically shit on.
 ,That false accusations of rape in the #metoo era are extremely rare. In point of fact the only valid inference that can be drawn from the Lisak study is that at a bare minimum 2 to 11 percent of rape accusations made to police are provably false. Ostensibly this percentage is higher for facebook and Twitter accusations as there is lower barrier to entry. I have seen too many flagrantly false accusations made exponentially worse by knee jerk support from people who dont know the facts. If you want to #believesurvivors or #believewomen as an article of personal faith that is your perogative. But dont misinterpret the ten year old Lisak study to pretend you are being scientific.
 ,Sex work. And surrogacy. Either way I don't think it's okay to buy other people's bodies. In both cases there is a small group of (rich) people taking advantage in some way over another person. Not cool with it. I usually just switch to another topic like being vegan. I eat meat but I agree with vegans in general. And that is some else's sore spot. Jackpot.
 ,[removed]
 ,Something tells me all this press and controversy will ensure that the book will become a best seller instead of fading away quietly as it probably should.
 ,So it sounds like you want to run in a world where our gender values are flipped.  Where feminine is inherently more valuable than masculine.  "Don't be a boy about it" is a put down.  Calling someone a girl doesn't have the same sting.  The reigning monarch is always a queen and families are organized around mothers.  You take your mother's name and who your father was is not important.  The most powerful diety is a goddess male dieties exist but are defined by their relationships to goddesses.  Eg: gaia is the world mother.  Goddess of life nature magic and growth.  Herne is her nephew god of hunting.  Women hold the positions of power.  They run all the guilds hold all the hereditary titles the royal guard is all women because men can't be trusted with such an important responsibility because they are men.  Violence is illegal not because people are scared of it but bevause it is a childish immature masculine way to solve a problem.
 ,Unless your friends agreed to this I don’t see how adding politics into a fantasy board game is going to be fun...
 ,I wouldn't try to make the game less fun or add politics to a fantasy table top game...
 ,Not sure about the article’s suggestion at the end that Harry do it. He’s not the one giving birth.
 ,Was gonna reply to the guy who posted the same nonsense OP is about but he deleted his post for some reason. Anyway here's some updated context. > “While I appreciate the congratulations on a result that I worked hard on for years if you are congratulating me because you have a sexist vendetta against Katie please go away and reconsider your priorities in life” Chael wrote.> Trolls began spreading memes on Reddit and Twitter this week falsely claiming that Chael wrote “850000 of the 900000 lines of code” and “did 90% of the work. Where’s his credit?”> Chael set the record straight explaining that Bouman an assistant professor at Caltech helped develop the algorithm while a postdoctoral fellow at MIT. He praised her “as an example of women’s leadership” in science and technology fields.> “While I wrote much of the code for one of these pipelines Katie was a huge contributor to the software” Chael explained. “It would have never worked without her contributions and the work of many others.”> Over 200 scientists worked on the Event Horizon Telescope a global collaboration that captured the black hole image.> Chael debunked the claim that he wrote “850000 lines of code” explaining that “many of those ‘lines’” are taken from existing “model files.”> “There are about 68000 lines in the current software and I don’t care how many of those I personally authored” he wrote.> Chael suggested in his Twitter thread that the sexist trolls appear to have picked him as a prop to support their false narrative.> “It was clearly started by people who were upset that a woman had become the face of this story and decided ‘I’m going to find someone who reflects my narrative instead’” Chael told The Washington Post Friday.> He added that it “was ironic that they chose me” because as a gay man he is also part of an underrepresented group in the field of science.> “I’m thrilled Katie is getting recognition for her work and that she’s inspiring people as an example of women’s leadership in STEM” Chael wrote. “I’m also thrilled she’s pointing out that this was a team effort including contributions from many junior scientists including many women junior scientists.”
 ,I feel a great disturbance in the force. As if a million incels cried out with "um actually..." and dusted the Doritos off their keyboards and started typing.
 ,The best part is the guy the misogynists tried to credit with "doing the real work" told them to STFU.
 ,It's hilarious how fragile they are how their world is crumbling down because a woman did something that a man didn't.
 ,That’s how you know you’ve made it.
 ,This is why more women don’t go into stem and exactly the reason why women shouldn’t be put off of a stem career by this type of behaviour .These guys are loser they just can’t handle being failures. They want to hate women so show them who the fuck the boss is.
 ,On a related note if you watch her interviews and Tedx talk you can see she’s really passionate about what she’s doing. I love her smile while she’s giving her interviews genuinely seems like an amazing person wanting to push boundaries of space exploration and black hole discoveries. We need more people like her!
 ,It’s so petty that Reddit kicked up a storm about a female getting some well deserved credit. Do you not know how positive this could have been? We need more female representation within STEM - more “look what you can do” and yet this project and this method of trying to influence women to get involved with something they’ve been told for years that they weren’t good enough for has been ruined by incels and sexist idiots hiding behind their keyboards. I don’t know why some men don’t understand the lack of representation of women in STEM and why it’s important we start showing woman scientists and woman in games and tech - and it’s not for a movement or to belittle men’s involvement but damn we know men are involved - we know there’s a whole team of men just due to stats on how many are involved in STEM. However it’s crazy empowering to read about a woman who has helped (along with a team ofc) make history via STEM. I don’t expect a gender (and race) that was never excluded from any career field to understand but just sit down. I feel incredibly bad for the woman involved due to the stupid immature backlash.
 ,I’m male and think this woman is great. Seriously the only people upset about this are folks who get angry about others successes.
 ,What is wrong with people??
 ,It’s sad that they are all trying to make excuses and discredit her just because she is a woman. If it was a man I doubt people would frequently bring up the fact “there was a team behind him” or even try to argue he didn’t do much. Fuck misogyny. I’m sick and tired of this bullshit. Yall think that other cientific discoveries made by man didn’t also have a group of people behind it? Did it take away the credit of all those white males we’ve studied about for years? It didn’t fucker. Fuck you and your shitty half assed argument to try to discredit her work
 ,I'm so tired of this being the norm on Reddit every single day then having some front page guy make it about a few bad apples.
 ,Yes I stumbled into some of this rubbish from the typical sorts of shits. The most brilliant thing is that in her TED talk which probably initiated this latest story she ends by showing a picture of the full team and clearly stating that it's a team effort. Linking it seemed to do the trick.
 ,I don't think the public wrath is against feminism or targeting her because she's a woman.If you look at the group photo you will notice that more than 80% of the contributed scientists are men. If you read through the Wikipedia page you will know that there are >100 of laboratories and scientific institutions collaborated together to achieve this feat. That means it's achieved by THOUSANDS of people including the men who built the telescope.The public wrath from men and women is targeting the bias in mainstream media which purposedly give ALL the credit to one young woman purposedly putting her in the focus while ignoring the hard work of all other scientists male and female. The general public is not stupid they can sense what ugly stuff the media is trying to sell.
 ,Haha wow. Reddit incels are the lowest form.of life on the planet. Hilarious how they got all butt hurt when the guy they were defending "cucked" them hard.
 ,[removed]
 ,Is that Brendon Urie in the thumbnail
 ,And many of her lines are from "model code"
 ,You do understand memes get made out of literally everything right?
 ,Fuck me these reactions is what the “trolls” want making a new news article about it isn’t going to change anything.
 ,[removed]
 ,As much as I agree that the hate she has gotten is absolutely ridiculous I can't see where the misogyny comes from.. I think the hate arouse when reddit descoverd that the media is giving one person the credit when it was a team effort.Edit: if anyone can cite anything directly showing the misogyny that be appreciated. (I am lazy and didnt read the whole article😳)
 ,[removed]
 ,Please keep in mind that no racism will be allowed under the guise of feigned concern for women's issues. Any instance of racism or xenophobia will be met with a quick and irrevocable ban - this is a zero-tolerance policy.***With that out of the way please keep in mind this guideline for feminist conversations regarding problematic traditions by considering [this material](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/240714229_The_Arranged_Marriage_of_Ana_Maria_Cioaba_Intra-Community_Oppression_and_Romani_Feminist_IdealsTranscending_the_%27Primitive_Culture%27_Argument) about transcending the ‘primitive culture’ argument - the author does acknowledge that a necessary part of such conversations should be:- acknowledgement that the "model" (Western) culture also has its own deep issues with misogyny (and racism etc);- acknowledgement that the "model" culture/civilization has/has had a strong negative influence in perpetuating oppression in the target culture - they are in fact part of the problem;- painting an entire culture/ethnic group in an intransigent manner forces minorities in that group (including women) to have to choose between their group/ethnic allegiances and their own issues as women. Quoting Crenshaw she shows that they often choose the former resulting in a rigidification of regressive practices - the 'reactive culturalism';- while the above are invoked/implied in many discussions the following is too often missing:>Often practices that are harmful to women within such groups areeither ignored in the name of preserving cultural autonomy or criticizedin a way that portrays the entire culture as primitive. To deviate fromthese flawed approaches it is necessary to apply feminist scrutiny to lawsand practices affecting women in minority communities. Whites/westernersshould not abstain from critiquing practices involving Third Worldsubjects mistakenly believing that they are respecting the ‘other’s’culture. Uma Narayan comments:>>It is not clear to me that one can really learn about another culture while notsubjecting it to any critical or normative evaluation any more than one canreally learn about another person without subjecting her to a variety ofappraisals and evaluations both positive and negative. Most often thecommitment ‘not to judge’ other cultures seems in effect to be a commitment‘not to express one’s judgments’ – which only serves to insulate theseunexpressed judgments from challenges corrections or interrogations theymight profit from.Therefore concern for the oppression of vulnerable groups (such as non-white minorities in Western countries) should not be a stop to valid criticism of misogyny in such groups.This guideline is meant to facilitate an improvement of discussions here (so that we avoid the shortcomings of both ignoring Western faults and of ignoring faults in other cultures - neither is justified).
 ,I think that being growing as a woman conditions us to be more self critical and unsure in ourselves so I totally think it’s normal but also an influence of the patriarchy. So growing up with all that self-doubt and then coming into feminism is hard - you’re always becoming more aware of everything playing against you and people everywhere due to misogyny. then not only do you have you’re own personal self-doubt but suddenly see the structures everywhere holding progression back! So yeah I think it’s normal but push back!
 ,The male advantage is limited entirely to having a greater ability to do violence. Historically the ability to do violence was more important in society (because of all the male violence) and men used it to their advantage against us. Now being able to hurt people is not so important. Some of them are still bitter about it because they want to feel special. Please don't be silly enough to agree with them.
 ,Many people feel like this it doesn’t mean they are crazy
 ,You're not crazy. There is a lot of internalised misogyny women have that makes them think like this. Studying feminism actually helped me cause it made me realise that I don't have to follow the strict rules I feel imposed on me and I can be who I want to be no matter what I am
 ,I relate to this. I've been a feminist all my adult life but there's still a lot of internalized misogyny that creeps around deep inside me from my upbringing and experiences in society.  When it comes into my brain in words I can refute it logically but the feelings are harder to shake sometimes. I remind myself that the self loathing that exists is not my fault and what I hate isn't actually myself nor womanhood but the patriarchal construction of what femininity is "supposed" to be.  I hate what i'm supposed to be as a woman for men but when I name all that break it down and remove it I'm much more content with what it means to be a woman and more confident that who I am fits within a more pure definition of femininity.
 ,Im so sorry you feel that way. I think when you feel like its unobtainable look at how far we have come. At the beginning of the 20th century we couldn't vote. Now we have women in Congress the Senate cabinet positions and running for president. At the beginning of the 20th century women were expected to stay home and raise kids now women are c.e.o.s of major corporations and entrepreneurs we have women who are doing science research and doctors and lawyers. Its not a perfect world yet but we are making progress. We are moving forward. Right now metoo is smashing the normalization of sexual harassment. Look up sister its not hopeless we are winning in the long run. I just need to give a shout out to my dad who raised me to believe I can do anything who encouraged my love of things that were "boys things" like martial arts and video games. He taught me I had value outside of being a wife and mother and that I owed no man anything. He taught me I was more then my face boobs and womb. We have men like my dad now who taught his daughter to be strong not settle be a bad ass. Its not hopeless. Women and men like my dad ARE changing things. They have changed things. We are moving forward. Dont let old world thinking get you down sister. That is dying. We may not live to see the world where its completely gone but we live in better world then our great grand mothers and grand mothers did.
 ,Am a girl trying to have a career in STEM. Trust me it's not just you you're not crazy. This is a consequence of oppressive forces that go a long way back in our history. They are being exposed more and more on a daily basis and things are getting better. I recommend also searching or posting on r/AskFeminists as well about this it's a common issue and you might get even more responses there.
 ,You are not crazy.  You have just been conditioned by society to think this way.  Start asking yourself why and don’t stop until you can give yourself a good answer.  Also know that woman have all of the control when it comes to creating the world that they want for themselves.  It hasn’t always been this way because men and women have fought to deny us the sexual selection that we harness.  Men by force and women by oppression and conditioning have been deciding who we fuck and who’s babies we make.  If we want to change things all we have to do is decide to not have babies of men who harbor toxic masculinity.  It’s not as simple as it sounds but the birds were able to do it.  Less than 5% of male birds have penis’. Because male birds could use it to force mate with females bypassing their selection process female birds chose over and over male birds with the smallest pieces to mate with and eventually they lost it.  They just have holes now that need to be aligned with the lady’s hole to inseminate.  And birds have the most elaborate and extensive courtship rituals in the animal kingdom with ladybird consent being ultimate.  So in conclusion if we stop having misogynist’s babies and threaten the male population with keeping their penis’ we could end the patriarchy in a generation.  Evolution gave us the upper hand.  We just have to use it wisely!
 ,I find it helpful to take a long perspective.  The women who marched and organized in the ninteenth century had more than just "can't vote" against them.  They couldn't own property.  They could be legally beaten and starved by their father or husband and legally raped by their husband.  Their children belonged in the property sense to their husband and they belongdd ro him too.    They did not let all those hurdles stop them.  They didn't even change most of those things in their own lifetime.  They believed that if they could secure the right to vote the rest would follow.  And they were right eventually. Their daughters faught for divorce and abortion and the right to own their own property.  THEIR daughters faught for equal pay and they are still fighting and their daughters are fighting against harrassment and rape culture.  Those things were worth fighting for are worth fighting for.  We know it's not hopeless because we can see the progress already made.  Sexual harassment was as natural as breathing to men and women in 1950.  Marital rape was not a phrase because it made no sense to think about.  Those things have changed in living memory.  If our mothers and grandmothers could get through those barriers then how can we do less for our daughters?
 ,[removed]
 ,It's funny how owning a gun is decriminalized but having an abortion is criminalized. This is appalling.
 ,UPDATE: My package has sent! & I posted a photo of the confirmation with the following paragraph tagging Mike DeWine on both Facebook and Instagram: Dear Governor Mike DeWineEnjoy your present to abort whatever blockage is in your behind! There will be many more coming to choose from! Thanks for sending women back decades of progress! This hanger is a symbol for what is to come with the passing of this bill. This bill excludes rape & incest pregnancies as well. This heartbeat bill is a clear unconstitutional violation of women’s universal rights to body autonomy. It not only violates the US’s Bill of Rights but is unlawful under the Supreme Court landmark case Roe vs Wade. It is also a violation of the United Nation’s Sexual Health & Reproductive Rights statement that abortion is a human right. You’ve disregarded a woman’s universal rights & imposed your personal religious views on citizens with this law another violation of the First Amendment. You have put the lives of Ohio women in danger. You have contributed to defunding Planned Parenthood limiting our rights to access affordable contraceptives. The passing this bill will increase the “back alley” abortions we have fought so hard to end. Our uterus is not public domain. My body is not a public debate. If you want to lower abortion rates allowing them is the answer. Creating easier access to contraceptives & instilling a progressive sexual health education programs would greatly lower unwanted pregnancies. This chain reaction of progress can be found in other countries all over the world. For example Italy Germany & Sweden have these policies in place and have the lowest teenage abortions in Europe. I hope you reconsider your stance on this bill but I know you won’t; you’ve already displayed your ignorance by passing it. We will fight for justice to get this overturned. We will continue to fight for women’s rights & our universal right to body autonomy. Roe vs. Wade shall never be overturned.Forever A Feminist[Name Removed for Reddit]
 ,surprised this hasn't got more attention. nice job OP you're a hero.
 ,Guess now that the Captain Marvel outrage is finally dying down they had to find a new project to channel their incel-rage.
 ,Misty S. Boyer summed it up really well here : https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10156249525816313&id=607881312
 ,They're employing the same idiotic thought process as the assholes that think they need to "respond" to black history month because there's not a white history month. It's always "but what about meeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!" When it simply isn't about them or against anyone.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,The ones who filmed her and the ones who sentenced her are the ones who should be in prison I hate the unfairness
 ,This is why countries such as Egypt disgust me. Are we really living in 2019? You'd think most countries would strife for equality in the modern world.
 ,Just think your 15 or 16 year old daughter/son watched this video accidentally. I think we shouldn't actually involve in such cases cause we cannot do anything in here. We have really big issues to be solved. Please correct me if I'm wrong
 ,Here in the uk we don’t have that system. Yes we have juries. 15 people are selected at random from a computer system. Those 15 people then go into court and out of the 15 12 are selected at random. They then get to sit as a jury panel.
 ,There is much that is disingenuous about this post but I understand the spirit of it.
 ,Weird I served on a jury in a rape case. We were asked if we had any personal history that might cause us to be impartial but we were allowed to go into the judge's chamber to talk with the judge privately. And it wasn't an automatic dismissal there were a few women myself included that felt they would still be able to base their opinions on the evidence presented despite our personal histories.
 ,From my understanding when selecting the jury. They will even dismiss people who have served in similar cases because they are looking for the least potential bias group. I don’t think they were trying to make an excuse for the abuser.
 ,1- that’s not how jury selection works.2- served on a rape civil trial jury with men and women.
 ,Maybe less men would assault women if the jury always consisted of women who understand the horrors of what the victim has gone through.I'm just saying.
 ,This is a terrifying read.
 ,Burden of proof is problematic with sexual assault.  Persecution rates are horrible. We need to fix this.
 ,Correct me if I’m wrong (and I probably am). But doesn’t this make a lot of sense. If you’ve been a victim of a crime you’re gonna have biases towards the person arrested.
 ,I get where they are coming from but it’s a little corrupt.
 ,😖
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Hello
 ,[removed]
 ,If I were a designer I’d tap hard into that niche and slay it. Clothing designers of the world step the eff up and give women chefs their fair share of cool well-fitting threads in a wide variety of sizes.
 ,Doesn’t that just mean that there aren’t many women asking the store for certain sizes or more options? Like supply and demand type stuff?
 ,Do you have a full picture of this store coz I'm smelling a cherry pick
 ,This is one of the things I’m not looking forward to dealing with. I’m planning to go to culinary school soon and I can’t stand the thought of this happening.
 ,[removed]
 ,What of they're just out of stock?
 ,hey but y'all get an extra floor at clothing shops
 ,It’s not sexism it’s simply supply and demand. They do not have that supply because there is little to no demand for that product. If you want these products design your own.
 ,I thought you wanted equality? In your world there are no such thing as 'mens' or 'womans' clothing so why does it matter?
 ,Then lose some weight pig 😂😂😂 how tf you need an XL chef coat? Are you eating the food you serve?!
 ,[deleted]
 ,[removed]
 ,No I think it did what it was supposed to do even if it's not a perfectly organized movement. I still think it's fantastic that this thing got started and got the attention it received.
 ,FYI I’m a guy commenting here.In short: ME TOO IS TOO SMALL AND NEEDS TO BECOME US TOO!  Any momentum it has should not be wasted to fix our largest public health crisis the source of the problems that me too is dealing with.—————————————-I got kinda irritated with its myopic perspective on an issue that is a crap ton bigger than it was being talked about and still hasn’t been adequately done with.Long story short I was living at home after a job loss and for awhile paying off school loans when I suddenly got not only a brain and body reorganization where the universe opened up and I was euphoric for like a week and a half but I also had every single planet in the universe connect and come together.It was a cataclysmic wake up like my brain I could feel if processing things quickly - recalculating 31 years worth of experience. Then in my stomach and chest - something felt as if it shifted to the left and dropped into place and then had a thousand tendrils twist and integrate into my body. It was nuts. Well if you didn’t grow up with boundries and you just woke up to all the hidden feelings in your body to find that both your parents are basically narcisistic. It dosent come with an instruction manual.  Especially a complete one that walks you through the story.I was nice I was understanding and did my best 1000x over always having to work at trying to be the better person to see how I could get what ever progress to working through this.        Problem. Rejection is processed in the same area of the brain as physical pain.    So death by 1000 cuts to the point I cracked one night and felt like I hit a wall and felt like committing supervise suddenly. I was mindful but it felt like I hit the hardest wall ever. And I basically found my self in a hyperaroused state that just couldn’t calm down and it kept going to point every family member I went to just basically further invalidated me.   I fell into a weird traumatized loop that was hard to get out of without help from the therapist I was talking to through Better help.I was a ping pong ball though that no one was putting down back on the table to rest.The problem the 2nd time I saw my sister I tried talking to her and explaining how I felt and basically I got told I’m the problem again.And yet some how 7 mins later what did I get a giant lecture on..... ME TOO!! Movement!!!!!I respect what the movement worked/is working on. But to be honest that was not the time to talk to me about how we have to do things to stop these “powerful men” from abusing women in the work place.Me too! Is a natural evolution of women in the work place it’s essentially just a movement to renegotiate boundaries which is useful.General x women it was. - if you don’t like it leave the roomMillennial women - we want to be in the room at the table because if we leave the room we can’t be at the table.        And with how women tend to on average have higher agreeablenessYet here is my problem I’m sitting here dealing with symptoms of ptsd (there is a reason the body blunts those feelings growing up so this dosent happen)Getting lectured about “powerful men”When what I went to my sister about was power too it dosent matter where it is power is power wheather it’s authoritative positional power or relational power in families.It’s all power based on attatchments and tribes.And it hits me during this lecture I got a couple of things.1) it’s the narcisists that lead social movements. Not the npd ones per se but def for sure the sub clinical ones.    Trust me I have my sister lecturing me  and then got a cousin who leads a department at a major newspaper and reports and pushes me too often and helped break some of the stories on it.I my self am a 7/10 where 5 is healthy on the spectrum went out and brought 2000 families into a character based program during my time working.We are out there one way or another pushing movements it’s the malignant ones you have to really watch out for.  Now I admit we are a high performing narc family but still a narc family.Yet still we can push me too all we want but these issues willnever go away untill we fix the core issue. One that all the information is out on already including a data driven process to the prevention of childhood trauma and maltreatment.https://www.annaageeight.org/Anna age 8 the data driven plan towards the prevention of childhood trauma and maltreatment.Every:govermenthealtheducationCivic/religious/ youth orgleaders all need to be asked one question...”what’s the plan to prevent childhood trauma which is at epidemic levels?”and when they give you a blank stair get them and the other leaders to a table to take the Anna age 8 training and to start created an integrated plan to prevent these.Get their contact info and their willingness to start talking It up and contact them when a day has been set for the other leaders.Childhood trauma’s devastating impact on health“This is treatable. This is beatable. The single most important thing that we need today is the courage to look this problem in the face and say ‘this is real and this is all of us’ ” she said.[Watch Nadine Burke Harris’ TED talk: How childhood trauma affects health across a lifetime](https://www.ted.com/talks/nadine_burke_harris_how_childhood_trauma_affects_health_across_a_lifetime) [Harvard: childhood trauma impacts article](https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/news/hsph-in-the-news/childhood-traumas-devastating-impact-on-health/) Trauma of any type fixates is on our own experience it’s a normal reaction and defense system behavior.The problem we have been so busy demonizing people which is easy and comfortable than to recognize this is literally ALL OF US!That yes we need to erect proper boundaries but when we don’t go any further and fix the CORE ISSUE at hand then we miss the chance for real fundamental change.So yes how about an “US TOO” movementNow I may be a guy  and I’ve supported me too it made sense wasn’t against it in any way. But it didn’t stir my soul you want something that will pick that core issue that is all of us for waking up to this crap and realizing that having the chance to explain and piece together ever piece of my experience growing up in a way that couldn’t be refuted.  I may be getting some of my stuff together still but if you don’t think I’m going after every mayor and superintendent I have in my phone located on the 3 Separate service areas I served prior to today.    Each areas was about 20 towns and total available youth ranged from 30000 to 60000 in each.The problem - the trauma movement won’t take off on its own. It’s deliberate knowing that for once we can make real change in this country that is so core to our existence that it will improve just about everything.And it can use the support of me too.  Because sexual assault is just a piece of what I’m proposing we tackle.I talked to someone who thought the issue could be fixed in 20 years and I’m sorry little Ethan an Anna don’t have that long to wait because it needs to be fixed 10 mins ago. And unless we want this to be ignored for a 5 time in history it’s a torch we all need to carry.
 ,And ?
 ,[removed]
 ,All dresses should have pockets 2k19
 ,My wife and sister noticed the other day that my 2mo nephew has real pockets in his pants. What does he need pockets for? Why are his real and theirs not?
 ,I couldn't imagine this being controversial on a feminist sub those tiny pockets/fake pockets are a very stupid kind of stupid.*brother saw my screen and said "yes. I've always complained about that."
 ,I have started only supporting pocket pants companies. PACT makes fair trade cotton leggings with full pockets that fit a phone (on BOTH sides) and they are awesome.
 ,But where is the lie???
 ,It’s a ploy from Bug Purse! They want us to spend money on bags!(this is half sarcasm)
 ,my new American Eagle Jean's have pockets that are big enough for my whole hand fingers spread! and big back pockets too. its amazing. I went out without a purse! I'm super in love
 ,He isn't wrong tbh.
 ,Oh hell yea those tiny pockets are bullshit
 ,I'm sick of people saying it's our fault for buying pants with shitty pockets in the first place. Do they know how hard it can be to find pants that fit a non-standard body type AND have pockets AND don't cost an arm and a leg? Especially in a rural area where you have to travel an hour or more to get to one store that sells jeans because buying pants online without being able to try them on is such a risk.
 ,Haha my sister always gets mad at how all of the pockets on her pants are fake
 ,Finally someone said it!
 ,I can't imagine what it's like to wear jeans without pockets. I just buy my pants from the men's section.
 ,Wha? Is that really something ppl should make signs for? Educate me.
 ,What does this mean?
 ,I only buy mans pants and pockets are one reason for that.   When I needed some pants for the gym I spent a lot time finding some with pockets that fit my phone because I need music.
 ,Mens suit also have tight pockets
 ,[removed]
 ,Or any pockets not the BS fake pockets I wasted my money on once not knowing any better
 ,He's right. A lot of you women are getting quite fat. Bigger pockets are definitely in order
 ,[removed]
 ,Women have to demand it. Companies respond to demand and right now a majority of women do not seem to want larger front pockets
 ,Women don't spend 2hr 48min per day cooking.
 ,Why does this matter
 ,And this is relevant how?
 ,This isn’t because of relevant sexism today but it is due to the fact that in older generations women had less opportunities. Today it is actually flipping with female students have much higher acceptance rates into universities. This shows that in generations to come this could likely be reversed (while probably not as drastic as this source claims) because there won’t be as many stay-at-home moms (which for the record mothers staying at home to take care of their children is expected because of maternal instincts). Either way it’s unfair to say this is sexism (and btw none of the women I know cook nearly this long).
 ,[removed]
 ,Stupid idea. Causes more deaths than abortion by itself!
 ,That is a truly stupid idea why would You ends someone’s life for making a choice so many ignorant unfair people.
 ,Ha if that happens I can’t wait to see the back lash
 ,...
 ,lol they're expressions are exactly the same Derpy lookin ass
 ,She probably ran intellectual circles around them. POS
 ,>As compensation for her year's service she was paid one dollar. After only a year in office she declined to seek reelection.wtf one dollar only???
 ,This story should be made into a film.
 ,jokes on them she won
 ,They must have thought of her the same way we think of towns that have a goat or something as the mayor. Disgusting.
 ,just like modern times
 ,Ah fun times.
 ,Ugh.
 ,Very similar to the first woman senator in 1922. She was appointed in GA and was basically just a proxy for the governor  who was going to run in general election so he didn’t have a real opponent.
 ,Hope she at least did a good job.And DIDNT go through any children’s book scandal like OUR mayor is going through....
 ,From the article: **It's fascinating to watch** the language of food consumption mutate as it travels across genders. For decades "dieting" was the domain of women. It looked like Weight Watchers it looked like Snackwells it looked like South Beach but whatever it looked like it was always portrayed as something simultaneously necessary shameful pride-inducing hated and ever-present.The term became a victim of “gender contamination” as Amanda Mull [wrote in the Atlantic](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2018/10/tech-industry-diet-products-have-whole-new-language/574390/)— which is “when a product or idea becomes so female-coded that men are no longer willing to engage with it.”Instead men — and the companies that cater to them — found new ways to describe food restriction. Not “weight loss” but “performance-enhancing.” Not “look great” but “perform better.”Not “count calories” but “disrupt calories.”The most [provocative tweet](https://twitter.com/michellecyca/status/1115654588793675782) posted in response to Dorsey’s interview started to go viral:> “Tech bros ‘discovering’ that anorexia makes you hyper-focused and euphoric is the dumbest trend of 2019.”&#x200B;I don’t know whether we’re moving forward or backward or just into the upside down. It’s both remarkable and depressing to watch Jack Dorsey blithely describe a diet that would put any woman — or any non-wealthy man — into the penalty box of public opinion.It’s both thought-provoking and aggravating to think about how tech bros have managed to hijack the whole dieting concept. To move from “you’ll never guess how many calories are in just one of these” to “the experience I had was when I was fasting for much longer how time really slowed down” as Dorsey said in his interview.One wants to grab him by the hoodie strings and bellow “that’s not mental clarity my good man — that’s starvation.”What’s most interesting is how this group acts as though they’re disrupting the way we consume food. They’re not disrupting the way we consume food. They’re just doing the same crap women have been working to stop doing for years.
 ,[removed]
 ,yeah but men are more likely to get convicted. it can go both ways and it's not as simple as you're trying to make it out to be
 ,But more likely to not need too
 ,Women also get shorter sentences and are less offten convicted
 ,When you’re paid 70% of what men make for the exact same job that’s what ya get. It fucking sucks ass.
 ,Leftist exbf thought he wasnt sexist but had an awful tendency of defending rapists and blaming women for their own assaults. My dad thinks he's a feminist but constantly says awful things about men who do even slightly feminine things like cook or bake and puts down everything remotely feminine in order to feel more masculine and it's just exhausting trying to explain why he's being misogynistic.
 ,Most people aren't as liberal or left of center as they like to think they are. That goes for people of all genders.
 ,Brocialists are a thing unfortunately. IMO if you claim to be a feminist with male privileges you have to admit that you can't fully understand misogyny because of experiencing it first-hand and constantly try to better yourself with that in mind.
 ,I do not believe at all in the goodness of the invisible hand. "Free markets" are not "good". Left alone things can end up hurting humanity. I therefore think that planning is important. My morality is based on Utilitarianism that we should strive for the greatest benefit for all. All of us on the left are not good people. Nor all on the right bad. But I strongly believe in this meta goal.I think this socialist/utilitarian approach is by nature femenist. We will not survive as a species without fully empowered women.
 ,We are a only ever can be our concepts. It’s why we need to deliberetly build them.People don’t realize that concepts are emotional as they are cognitive.
 ,Can people stop conflating being left and right wing with being liberal and conservative (small c)/authoritarian. When you say you're left or right you're talking about economics eg. You believe in more state spending in social programs or less big government vs. small government sort of thing.Being liberal or conservative relates to your opinion on social issues one can be left wing and conservative just as one can be left wing and liberal. The same goes for the other way around.The guy was probably left wing economically but more conservative rather than liberal on the social issues front.
 ,It’s not unconstitutional it’s a step in the right direction.
 ,[removed]
 ,I am a Christian Egaltarian and I approve this message. That sounds like a horrible book. I am so sick and tired of the lies of comp teachings. Wake up church! Jesus didn't promote oppression!
 ,So this cosmic being created the almost incomprehensible vastness of the universe and he's a dude who demands that people follow a rigid set of genitalia based laws. When you tolerate douchnozzle behavior by the funky smelling hairy backed dude you gave your virginity to on your wedding night it is pleasing to this all powerful being. He has revealed this in ancient times to people who wiped their asses with their hands and wondered where the sun went at night.As it is written in the new testament in phallacies3:16 God loved people so much that in all his divine revelations he never bothered to just drop some actually useful knowledge like "Hey asshole. I created this shit called bacteria. All your kids died because you wipe your asses with your hands and then get it everywhere. Cut that shit out yo. It's fukin gross"
 ,Could someone please elaborate the meaning of awrah?
 ,“Islamic version considers the voice of a woman awrah” is a stretch. Fundamentalist/wahhabist Islam is not the inherent version of Islam.(Source: a secular feminist Muslim woman)
 ,Islam is oppressive to women whether a woman practicing it acknowledges it or not
 ,I saw this image unedited on the news a couple days ago and found it VERY powerful. good post.
 ,I love this version. It looks like she is even more powerful. Hopefully this is the beginning of a change.
 ,There should be more of these posts on this sub. The fact that most of these posts are on the western world is very discriminating to woman in the middle east who are truly oppressed and don't have a voice.White middle/upper-class women in the western world are one of the most privileged groups in the world I would say second only to white middle/upper-class men.
 ,[removed]
 ,Shocking... /s
 ,Universities in the UK are getting filthy rich now on fees there is no excuse at all for not focusing on reduction of sexual assault.
 ,Again its not that simple undoubtedly there are more sexual assaults in uni's on both men and women than what the statistics say. Most of the time it's their word against someone else and that by its self is not going to get the rapist if they did do it (that's another problem potential fake claims) jailed. you need more evidence so I think the way to solve this issue is with educational and legal change. I don't know what legal/educational change that is maybe harsher jail time bigger fines more councillors etc.And finally many people make their judgement instantly that the person is instantly guilty so just remember innocent before proven guilty.
 ,Rape isnt as big of a problem as liberal media makes it out. Think for yourselves don't be the sheep cnn and abc and nbc prey on.
 ,Some people are confusing interest in her work with erasing the entire team that worked on the project. Does anyone think it would be inflammatory at all if a man had written the program algorithm and was featured in much of the news? But because she's a woman we have people upset that others are praising a woman's scientific accomplishment. "I just think *everyone* who worked in it should be featured." *Posts a 500 person photo in which you can barely make out anyone's face while people say Katie doesn't deserve any attention in the comments and generally trash her because she didn't do the work of 500 people entirely herself*
 ,> *The effort wouldn't have been possible without Katie Bouman who developed a crucial algorithm that helped devise imaging methods.  Three years ago Bouman led the creation of an algorithm that eventually helped capture this first-of-its-kind image: a supermassive black hole and its shadow at the center of a galaxy known as M87. She was then a graduate student in computer science and artificial intelligence at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.*  >  > *Bouman starts teaching as an assistant professor at California Institute of Technology in the fall.*
 ,Pretty sure she is not a grad student but actually an assistant professor now.
 ,I love how happy and excited she looks in this picture. Well deserved that her name is out there.
 ,I don't mean to diminish her contribution but in these sorts of enormous collaborations putting all the focus on one person is pretty ridiculous. Here is the list of everyone who contributed to this part of the project.>The Event Horizon Telescope Collaboration>Kazunori Akiyama Antxon Alberdi Walter Alef Keiichi Asada Rebecca Azulay Anne-Kathrin Baczko David Ball Mislav Baloković John Barrett  Dan Bintley Lindy Blackburn Wilfred Boland Katherine L. Bouman Geoffrey C. Bower Michael Bremer Christiaan D. Brinkerink Roger Brissenden Silke Britzen Avery E. Broderick Dominique Broguiere Thomas Bronzwaer Do-Young Byun John E. Carlstrom Andrew Chael Chi-kwan Chan Shami Chatterjee Koushik Chatterjee Ming-Tang Chen Yongjun Chen Ilje Cho Pierre Christian John E. Conway James M. Cordes Geoffrey B. Crew Yuzhu Cui Jordy Davelaar Mariafelicia De Laurentis Roger Deane Jessica Dempsey Gregory Desvignes Jason Dexter Sheperd S. Doeleman Ralph P. Eatough Heino Falcke Vincent L. Fish Ed Fomalont Raquel Fraga-Encinas William T. Freeman Per Friberg Christian M. Fromm José L. Gómez Peter Galison Charles F. Gammie Roberto García Olivier Gentaz Boris Georgiev Ciriaco Goddi Roman Gold Minfeng Gu Mark Gurwell Kazuhiro Hada Michael H. Hecht Ronald Hesper Luis C. Ho Paul Ho Mareki Honma Chih-Wei L. Huang Lei Huang David H. Hughes Shiro Ikeda Makoto Inoue Sara Issaoun David J. James Buell T. Jannuzi Michael Janssen Britton Jeter Wu Jiang Michael D. Johnson Svetlana Jorstad Taehyun Jung Mansour Karami Ramesh Karuppusamy Tomohisa Kawashima Garrett K. Keating Mark Kettenis Jae-Young Kim Junhan Kim Jongsoo Kim Motoki Kino Jun Yi Koay Patrick M. Koch Shoko Koyama Michael Kramer Carsten Kramer Thomas P. Krichbaum Cheng-Yu Kuo Tod R. Lauer Sang-Sung Lee Yan-Rong Li Zhiyuan Li Michael Lindqvis Kuo Liu Elisabetta Liuzzo Wen-Ping Lo Andrei P. Lobanov Laurent Loinard Colin Lonsdale Ru-Sen Lu Nicholas R. MacDonald Jirong Mao Sera Markoff Daniel P. Marrone Alan P. Marscher Iván Martí-Vidal Satoki Matsushita Lynn D. Matthews Lia Medeiros Karl M. Menten Yosuke Mizuno Izumi Mizuno James M. Moran Kotaro Moriyama Monika Moscibrodzka Cornelia Müller Hiroshi Nagai Neil M. Nagar Masanori Nakamura Ramesh Narayan Gopal Narayanan Iniyan Natarajan Roberto Neri Chunchong Ni Aristeidis Noutsos Hiroki Okino Héctor Olivares Tomoaki Oyama Feryal Özel Daniel C. M. Palumbo Nimesh Patel Ue-Li Pen Dominic W. Pesce Vincent Piétu Richard Plambeck Aleksandar PopStefanija Oliver Porth Ben Prather Jorge A. Preciado-López Dimitrios Psaltis10 Hung-Yi Pu Venkatessh Ramakrishnan Ramprasad Rao Mark G. Rawlings Alexander W. Raymond Luciano Rezzolla Bart Ripperda Freek Roelofs Alan Rogers Eduardo Ros Mel Rose Arash Roshanineshat Helge Rottmann Alan L. Roy Chet Ruszczyk Benjamin R. Ryan Kazi L. J. Rygl Salvador Sánchez David Sánchez-Arguelles Mahito Sasada Tuomas Savolainen F. Peter Schloerb Karl-Friedrich Schuster Lijing Shao Zhiqiang Shen Des Small Bong Won Sohn Jason SooHoo Fumie Tazaki Paul Tiede Remo P. J. Tilanus Michael Titus Kenji Toma Pablo Torne Tyler Trent Sascha Trippe Shuichiro Tsuda Ilse van Bemmel Huib Jan van Langevelde Daniel R. van Rossum Jan Wagner John Wardle Jonathan Weintroub Norbert Wex Robert Wharton Maciek Wielgus George N. Wong Qingwen Wu André Young Ken Young Ziri Younsi Feng Yuan Ye-Fei Yuan J. Anton Zensus Guangyao Zhao Shan-Shan Zhao Ziyan Zhu Joseph R. Farah Zheng Meyer-Zhao Daniel Michalik Andrew Nadolski Hiroaki Nishioka Nicolas Pradel Rurik A. Primiani Kamal Souccar Laura Vertatschitsch and Paul Yamaguchi
 ,Meanwhile my news feed has been flooded with photos of Andrew Chael with titles like "This is the man who's really responsible for the photo of the black hole." They just really can't handle the fact that a woman is getting credit for this. If it were the opposite scenario -- with Katie "writing all the code" and Andrew "leading the project" would you expect 90% of Redditors to rush to Katie's defense and make sure she gets credit? No. There'd be a few threads in /r/feminism type subreddits and that would be it.
 ,Thanks grad student!
 ,Lots of people made it possible she contributed alot of course but so did alot of other people. A massive team of over 200+She even said ' "No one of us could've done it alone". "It came together because of lots of different people from many different backgrounds."
 ,Bravo Katie!
 ,[deleted]
 ,That was one of the biggest discoveries in probably all of human history
 ,Don't just thank her though thank everyone involved both men and women. It's stupid and disrespectful to the rest of the team to say it was just her work that made it possible for the image.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,I have deleted my other comment as many people have worked on this project and all team members had a hand in this. My facts did not have a primary source and I don’t want to go around spreading lies. All I’m saying is that everyone should be credited instead of posts saying that she is single-handedly responsible for this. She told us herself that it was a team effort.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,A true hero but Im wondering if her name will be just as remembered as Steven Hawking's or Einstein's
 ,It's 2019. Voting wont happen until 2020. So any poll that comes out a year before the election even starts is going to be wrong. Also it's been white male presidential candidates on both political parties for a while. I don't see Why race and gender have to do with who to vote for. I will vote for who I think will be a strong leader regardless of gender or race.
 ,Who fucking cares?
 ,[removed]
 ,I definitely feel this unfortunately. I also dislike how sex positive feminism has made it impossible to talk about the negatives of sex work. Before you down vote me let me make it clear that if you are genuinely not hurt by sex work and find it enjoyable more power to you. But this should not invalidate the experiences of women who have been hurt by this industry. Not everyone chooses to do sex work or enjoys it and it is important as feminists that we uplift and support women of all occupations.
 ,Yeah.  I've seen this.  Hopefully it's just a case of "some people will bully others about anything" but I wonder if it's not a general problem with how the US talks about sex.
 ,also i’ve found that sex positivity has encouraged young women and girls to allow themselves to be objectified as if it’s empowering and straight men have definitely taken this and ran with it. I can’t tell you how many guys when rejected sexually by me said something along the lines of “i thought you were like a modern empowered woman!!” lol. I also had a guy who i had a brief casual but very intense relationship with come back into my life looking to hook up again and when i told him no because I didn’t want to get hurt he was all “but aren’t you all empowered and sex positive why can’t you separate sex from emotions??” um because sex and emotions are biologically linked for species survival and no amount of feminism can undo that??
 ,I agree completely. I'm relatively "kinky" and embrace it. However I've also seen my girl friends deal with a lot of shaming because they don't like the stuff society now believes they should. Ex: one of my friends constantly shares these edgy memes about being choked during sex. One of her friends commented something along the lines of "cool but not for me" and was shamed for it. It's odd.
 ,Yes absolutely. I see this with sex work too. Something like 80% of women in the industry want out but we ignore them for the 20% who don't. The sentiment is positive— let women do what they want with their bodies but sometimes it goes too far.
 ,Yes! I actually had a situation today where I was accused of being a prude and not supporting women because I asked my coworker to stop discussing the details of her sex life at work. I’m still trying to wrap my head around it tbh.
 ,Yep. I’m very sex positive extremely so but this is how I’ve always been since I discovered my own body sexually. I have however noticed a lot of friends that are ultra competitive try to out-kink others when I know for a fact they aren’t normally into a lot of those sex acts or situations.An example I have would be a friend from childhood. She’s a very competitive person and suffers from FOMO a lot. She’s made out with other women only to regret it or turn around and insist she’s not really bi or even remotely bi-curious. She just doesn’t want to look lame or vanilla compared to a lot of her friends. She’s also agreed to have threesomes with her current and previous partners when you can tell she’s highly uncomfortable with it but she feels like she’s not the cool girlfriend if she isn’t down.I do think sex positivity is a part of it but I also think a lot of it is due to unhealthy comparisons and competitive behavior. A lot of women see sex positive women as being put up on a pedestal (majorly by men) or being referred to as “the dream” and then naturally want to achieve that status as well. And the ones who have healthy personal boundaries know better than to engage but still get left feeling like less-so. It’s not right :/ and I’m not sure how to solve it. I don’t think telling other women to tone down their otherwise healthy sexual urges is the solution though.
 ,It's rough.When I actually ended up having to read Andrea Dworkin and Catherine MacKinnon's works I thought I'd dislike them but it turned out that I felt like they were definitely right on a lot of points.Within the second wave there were a lot of fairly sex-negative feminists partly in response to the "sexual revolution." I mean the sexual revolution had the potential to really liberate women's sexuality especially in how the pill gave women an option for birth control that didn't rely on the cooperation of male sexual partners. But it also came in a time and context where those advances could easily be caged back in by patriarchal thinking. Attempts to control women's sexuality went from largely coming from one angle ("no sex outside of marriage! You must be a virgin for your husband so he can know his children are his!") to becoming a wildly confusing two-pronged approach that now included "since you're now sexually liberated you must stay sexually available for men."At least when things were wildly repressive before the expectations were clear but in the interim between the earlier stage of the sexual revolution and continuing to today we still have to deal with bullshit like the thought that someone should be "a lady in the streets but a freak in the sheets." In other words that women should somehow be expected to meet two completely contrasting ideals that both leave women themselves with little to no agency over their sexuality.Unfortunately I feel like MacKinnon + Dworkin made a huge error in pushing for the anti-pornography ordinance since it lead them to ally with staunchly conservative groups that were all too eager to "agree" on one issue while being absolutely horridly anti-feminist for far too many others.The same issues carry on to today unfortunately.For example for sex work there are all too many clients who are not at all concerned whether the sex work they're involved with is remotely ethical. Like ethical sex work in which sex workers take home the lion's share of the profits from their own sex work can be a good and empowering thing even though it's taking place within the context of a patriarchal and capitalist society that's happy for sex to be transactional. One of my friends who got into sex work straight up blew me away with her professionalism (I wish I could organize my life nearly as well as she organized clients and taking precautions to stay safe).But just because she is able to ethically engage in and benefit from the industry doesn't mean that most people are. All too often there is someone else who disproportionately benefits from someone else's body (whether in commercial porn which all too often treats actresses as disposable underpaid commodities for how much money their effort will earn the company or with prostitution where a bad pimp or madam takes home most of the money someone else earned).
 ,I haven’t encountered this thankfully but shaming someone for having “vanilla” sex is the opposite of being sex-positive.We need to make a better effort in not calling things that aren’t feminism feminism. It’s the reason the movement gets such a bad rep.
 ,A few years ago I was involved in the local kink community and was often meant to feel "less than" for being/wanting monogamy. Ugh.
 ,I am friends with many open couples and when they’ve talked about stuff where I had no input and I didn’t input they acted as though I were being rude. Look dude not everyone is into being tied up Susan you do you but I don’t care about your rope class!
 ,I think it's sad that the whole discussion about sex negativity got so entangled with radical feminism (TERFs) that we are almost afraid of talking about it. Sex can and is used to pressure women and I know a lot of women who had sexual experiences before they felt ready because of the pressure to "not be a prude". It's really two sides of the same coin and we got stuck only talking about sex positivity because no one sane wants to be mistaken for a TERF.
 ,I have actually never seen vanilla used as an insult that's pretty shocking to me that someone would do that. The kink community is usually really huge on acceptance and understanding of any consensual sex related activity between adults. If anyone is trying to shame someone into having a certain intimate experience (kink isn't inherently sex though it can easily revolve around or lead to sex) that's never remotely appropriate or acceptable. I haven't seen what you're describing but that's messed up wherever it is happening.
 ,Vanilla is one of my favourite flavours. Love a good vanilla cupcake especially when it’s made with real vanilla pods. My fave candle is vanilla scented. I feel a bit judged every time! But I don’t care if I’m basic then I’m basic I love vanilla.
 ,I'm sorry you've had that experience. Is it possible you've fallen in with a group of unusually unpleasant people? My spouse and I are pretty "vanilla" and get no grief at all about it even from friends who are themselves not vanilla in the slightest.
 ,As an asexual woman I couldn't agree more. I'm all for sex positivity and against slutshaming but as I don't feel sexual attraction it made me feel like I was a "bad feminist" for some time
 ,I understand where you're coming from and have heard things like this before but I think this is almost a "too much of a good thing" situation if that makes sense. Women are finally feeling comfortable enough to talk about their kinks and be sexual creatures so it's not totally surprising that some people would take it too far by accidentally or intentionally shaming others for not being into the same things.  This is definitely a problem because no one should ever be shamed but after decades of women's sexualities being suppressed I think this is a negative symptom of something generally positive.
 ,IME "sex positive feminism" means have sex all the time with everybody. And while you are at it film it and post it online. Have some guys jerk off to it and post that. Sex positive!  I'm exaggerating to make a point but not by much.
 ,I definitely do believe sex groups can be like that. Like other groups kink circles can be highly toxic. I'm in highly sex positive groups and some people can just shame people who are interested/not interested in different stuff. This seems to be a problem in the overal sexual minority community. People can attack other people for being interested in different stuff.
 ,That's not my feminism. I know that sounds stupid but it's the same shit I've been hearing since I was 15 and pressured into sex because I was being called a prude and told I'd be broken up with if I didn't (by a friend regarding what the bf had said). I recently got in a fight with a friend because she sneered that a different girl was a prude. Why does that have to be a bad thing? Shaming people for too much or too little sex too kinky or too vanilla... Just stay the hell out of everyone else's sex lives and stop being assholes. I already hear the whore/prude bullshit from men I don't need it from women too. It's worse coming from women as well. So shitty all around.
 ,I recently watched an interview of Rashida Jones who has worked with women involved in amateur porn. She talks about how pop culture has normalised the sexualisation of everything. She very pertinently points out the difference between sexuality and sexualization.And to an extent I agree with her with twerking become a norm you need to go above and beyond that to establish yourself in the music/movie industry. Therefore more and more kinky/sexual stuff becomes the benchmark with which everything is compared to. She also points out that while sex positivism is a good thing at the same time it is very limiting. A lot of celebrities capitalise on their sexuality (as sex does sell) & it limits you to go beyond that in real life. A celebrity who is sexualised (be it Britney Spears or Justin Beiber) will find themselves compartmentalised in that cliche. Not just celebrities but even in your daily day-to-day mundane life everyone is expected to always look sexy/sexual. A daily commodification of people. Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLYszpvyED4
 ,I feel this as well. I feel like as a woman in heterosexual sexual relationships I’m made to feel as though I need to have a level of sexual openness that is not always easy. Like I’m expected to the moment sex is on the table lay down my needs and make sure the guy is down for them. What if I just want to be a giver? Then I’m made to feel shame because I’m perpetuating a stereotype. I just want to unpoliticize sex and make it something more personal again.
 ,Yup I have a lot of trauma related reservations regarding my own sexuality and expressing it and I feel like i have no space to set that boundary in some circles cause we're supposed to be fully open in these conversations at all times
 ,It's funny cause in my feminist group it's actually the opposite? I'm always like "plz no kinkshame"... They say stuff about how liking it rough is fucked up and a result of porn brainwashing. How loving to slap women in bed is terrible and a mirror of everyday violence...   So I don't really understand where you're coming from with this I have such a different perception of it.
 ,I also think that people in these circles are telling girls far too young that being sexual is good and you SHOULD do it. not saying it isn't or anything but this message is being applied to everyone when it shouldn't be told to 14 year old girls and such.
 ,As a homoromantic asexual I really appreciate this post.
 ,In kink circles I've never heard the term "vanilla" used in a derogatory way only in a way that means "they're not interested in kink."Where do you see it being thrown around?
 ,shaming people for being vanilla is gross imo.another thing I don't like is people online taking other people's boundaries as an attack or repression.  like people who horny post all the time being asked to hide posts from me or content warning stuff getting mad at me for that.
 ,this just sounds like a failure to be truly sex positive more than anything else
 ,I agree wholeheartedly. I like that the stigma around sex is slowly being removed but I often feel like it is becoming too much.
 ,One of the greatest internal issues of feminism is the fact that some feminists think that feminism should be about choice and equality (i.e. you can absolutely be a rocket scientist brain surgeon or athlete but if you want to be a stay-at-home mum that's cool- as long as its what makes you fulfilled and happy) whereas other feminists have a list of what is 'permissible' and a list of what is 'unpermissible' in a 'good' feminist.  Personally if I wanted someone telling me how I 'should' behave what I 'could' do and what was 'acceptable' and 'unacceptable' I'd not be a feminist!
 ,I know what you mean and as a vanilla person I used to feel awkward around my more sexually adventurous friends. But I don't know if that was me being uncomfortable and feeling ashamed or if it was them being uncomfortable and trying to act like they were "right" about sex. When I was younger my very vocal girlfriends basically convinced me that sex was awesome and I should have it often and freely. I wanted to be cool and sex was something the women I thought were cool had a lot of. I thought I was doing it wrong since I was not orgasming not enjoying any kink getting emotionally attached to sexual partners feeling bad about myself for sleeping with a lot of people. But my friends said it was fun so dammit I kept trying! It really wasn't for me. After having ridiculously amazing sex (albeit vanilla) within committed relationships I'm really comfortable with my relationship to sex and the lessons I learned from my attempts to be adventurous. Now that I'm older I've noticed that sex talk among friends is truly more positive than it used to be. My ladies are comfortable with their sex lives. Some are in closed relationships some in open or poly relationships others are single and have lots of sex others have no sex at all and are thrilled. Anyway we are all more interested in relating and connecting honestly about the pros and cons of sex. I think when we were younger we were trying so hard to fight against ideas of sexual oppression that our sex positivity was framed in a prescriptive way for others as well as ourselves ("You should like sex! You should like all the sex! Your discomfort is prudishness."). Now it's just fine for you to do you whatever that means so long as you aren't hurting anyone including yourself.Oh! And my girlfriends who are more into bdsm play have always been super mature and supportive about each person only doing things that they enjoy. But that seems to come out of an acceptance and comfort with their own sexual selves.
 ,Do whatever feels comfortable for you. Whether that's not having sex at all or fucking the entire neighborhood on Super Bowl Sunday (I mean a guy in Philly literally ate horse shit off the street in celebration when the Eagles won last year weirder things have happened that day). Just as long as you're safe honest and respectful about it so you don't hurt your or your partner's feelings. That's what a sex positive society should be.
 ,I think women need to grab the bull by the horns. The world is changing and women need to be the beacons of hope as well as work like hell to save the planet. We can do it!  Women and men are closer to equality than we've probably ever been. It's time to rise and shine like the dawn that we are! So I think sex in general needs to be put in its place. Which is not dealing with the patriarchy's bullshit agenda to subjugate women. I agree that being "normal" in bed may seem boring to some however there is much to be said for a natural amount of intimacy.
 ,Yes! I feel this all the time. I think it comes out of the ideology of 2nd wave feminism. Before there was a pressure to ‘say no’ to sex and there was (and still are) the push and resist dynamics between men and women. Nowadays theres a pressure to ‘say yes’. Second wave feminism tried to argue that women’s sexualities were oppressed and men’s sexuality was the ‘right way’ which in itself is androcentrism and i mean second wave fem has its own problems with intersectionality BUT........
 ,I think this falls along the lines of feminists shitting on women who consciously choose to take on more traditional roles (domestic) wear religious garments that promote modesty etc...It's not your life. It's hers. Being a feminist means giving her (and every other human on the planet) the agency to express and pursue the life and identity she/he/ze/they choose.
 ,I don’t like any sort of feminism that allows men to call women degrading names beat them or control them. That’s not good for anyone.
 ,Overly sex positive activism is just as bad as sex negative in my opinion. In both circles you end up with the problem of purity spirals and a sort of clique-y-ness about things. What's wrong with being sex neutral and leaving what consenting adults do with each other behind closed doors.
 ,Can someone please define what is 'sex positive feminism'? Or is it literally just as it sounds.
 ,[removed]
 ,I love vanilla in all its forms great smell great ice cream and missionary is the best position!
 ,Tbh it seems like it comes from our response to shame the normal. I like to embrace my weirdness and "abnormality" as much as the next person but shaming people for being "normal" is going too far
 ,I think most people already accept that different things work for different people. My impression has been that this is also a huge point for the sex positive movement - do what you like and don't do what you don't like and it's nobody's business.
 ,Your opinion is irrelevant you're fucking stupid. Activism is what will bring this country down.
 ,Today at work I listened as my female coworker told me that although harsh she was okay with the bill. I was floored. I kept my mouth shut the entire time and just nodded and said shit like "yeah that's your opinion... okay yeah I could see that" while seething on the inside at her hypocritical selfishness and shortsightedness. She brought up about how it was hard for her to get pregnant (okay AND?? so everyone else should be punished for your individual experience???) and about how that baby didn't have a choice that if you choose to have sex... yada yada. But she was okay with making a medical distinction. WHAT. THE. FUCK. I just couldn't even. I let that one go because I needed to focus on work and don't talk about my personal (radical!) beliefs like that often much less at work. I am still really bothered by it. I seriously want nothing to do with her after today. Luckily my desk is moving soon. I just don't have respect for someone like that.Oh and she talked about how she wishes people just would stop fighting for rights LOL like everyone's rights "just focus on loving each other". I mean where do you even start a conversation with someone like that? I truly truly do not even get it. And we work in a progressive field!!!!!
 ,Damn thats a lot of data.
 ,A meme account I follow on Instagram posted this and so many of the comments were like “there were over 200 people on this team it wasn’t just this woman.” If this was a photo of men next to this data all of the comments would just be like “wow cool that’s crazy” no one would say “it wasn’t just this man there was a team of over 200 of them!” The rest of the comments were something along the lines of “why is this data in the kitchen?” And “wow these women will make great wives” But please  continue to tell me we don’t need feminism in 2019..
 ,Yes but how is this feminism?Trust me both of them did amazing things but1.) Neither of them wanted all of this credit so it is slightly disrespectful2.) Neither of them pulled all the weight for these accomplishments granted they did a lot but for media to give these two people all this recognition is unfair to the rest of the team male or female.
 ,*Image Transcription:*---[*Picture on left is of a woman standing next to stacks of thick books/binders. Picture on right is of a woman next to computer parts.*]1969: Margaret Hamilton alongside the code that got us to the moon2019: Katie Bouman alongside the data that got us to the black hole---^^I'm&#32;a&#32;human&#32;volunteer&#32;content&#32;transcriber&#32;for&#32;Reddit&#32;and&#32;you&#32;could&#32;be&#32;too!&#32;[If&#32;you'd&#32;like&#32;more&#32;information&#32;on&#32;what&#32;we&#32;do&#32;and&#32;why&#32;we&#32;do&#32;it&#32;click&#32;here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/TranscribersOfReddit/wiki/index)
 ,Excellent Frauds*!!! Sure those two women were the only ones who made that discovery 😂😂😂 nothing but a fraud.
 ,How about the other 200 scientists that stood back 95% of the code?
 ,TW for graphic descriptions of abuse in the page six link.&#x200B;from the article:Heard adds that after r[eporting Depp’s abuse](https://pagesix.com/2018/10/03/johnny-depp-denies-amber-heard-abuse-allegations/) and following their divorce in January 2017 some people have claimed she faked her injuries. “Many people called me a liar (without ever hearing my story). I was dropped from a global fashion brand’s upcoming campaign. I lost a part for a movie in which I had already been cast. People I have never met or spoken to threatened me with violence. I received so many death threats I had to change my phone number on a near-weekly basis.“People accused me of having abused Johnny. That simply is not true. I never attacked Johnny other than in self-defense (and in defense of my little sister). I have never physically abused anyone. I know what that does to people.”She adds “Instead I have attempted to promote good in the world and to advocate an end to domestic violence. I have sought to use my public persona to speak out on an issue that was extremely meaningful to me and millions of other women and men every year. I have spoken out about violence in public but I have always avoided specifically referencing Johnny or recounting his violence against me not only because I wanted to move past that phase of my life but also because I was constrained by the terms of a strict confidentiality agreement that Johnny had insisted upon as part of our divorce settlement.”
 ,I’m currently reading How to Come Alive Again by Beth McColl (you may recognise her from her hilarious twitter).
 ,Daring Greatly by Brené Brown.
 ,I wish the publicity from this wasn't so dangerous for her.
 ,So sad that there’s places in the world where women are treated like this. Heartbreaking
 ,I hope she's able to get her message out and stay safe.
 ,I really want to know what she is saying. I asked in Instagram but i guess no one speaks English.
 ,She's an absolute hero for doing this and I'm so glad this is going viral. I wish all the best to her and our brothers and sisters in Sudan who have to fight this oppression.
 ,So badass.
 ,I wanted to actually contribute to your thread before saying you don't need to specify "women and women-identified" cause they're not different things but the only feminist themed party games I could think of would be super nerdy like instead of guessing who people are from baby pictures guessing authors/books with the titles hidden which felt like something people wouldn't enjoy at all.
 ,I dunno seems like your family is right about what the Bible says. If that's a problem for you maybe you should quit the church entirely.
 ,https://juniaproject.com/case-women-pastors-new-testament/Thought the link might help. If I were you I would point out to my family that the verse and chapter numbers weren't added until the middle ages. So taking one verse and deciding how to run a church is stupid.Paul writes positively about women prophets and speaking tongues. (Although he does want everyone to be orderly). In his letters he greets important female church members. There is a lot of wiggle room for having female pastors. Some people might use the verse in Corinthians about women being silent but in other parts of the bible  Paul clearly gives  rules on women making prophesies and speaking in tongues.The only way to make these different verses  agree is if you accept that Paul is speaking about specific issues involving individual churches. I am no longer a Christian so you might want to ignore my ramblings. Lol
 ,Women can be preachers. This video will help explain it. Nothing in the bible prohibits women from teaching men or being preachers.   [Short video on why women can teach men even in church.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBVJkYzKMVQ&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR0A2f99njscCCDqSVFDOeSi7BhzEMqyjM9jYsWOkjTqdSJwZTgsTM6mOuk)
 ,Don't go to church. Any church. All churches and all religious people are evil and never to be trusted. Churches and religion have been tools for men to oppress women for ever.Even if you do go to this new church it will only be a matter of time before you see that they are just as prejudiced and hypocritical as they are anywhere else.
 ,It sounds like the root cause of all of your issues is the Bible. As sick as your family's interpretation of scriptures is it's the *correct* interpretation. That book is not for thoughtful people or feminists. It sounds like you've already recognized that your ethics conflict with your religion. You should just throw one of them out.
 ,Timothy wasn't even actually written by Paul. It references political events which took place after he died. Like many religious and philosophical tracts of the time it was posthumously attributed to him by the author as a gesture of respect and a claim to be in the same vein as his teachings (as the reader at the time would have known full well that Paul had passed away and could not have actually written it).You've gotten some pretty good resources already in this thread. And a lot of people making some pretty sweeping statements about the fundamental nature of Christianity and religious scripture in general. The thing is that these writings were intended for a particular time and place and responded to the philosophical and political happenings of the time. Having a deep questioning skeptical understanding of those aspects vastly increases the richness and relevance of the literature. The strain of shoot-from-the-hip Biblical literalism that both fundamentalist Christians and the ardent opponents of any relationship with Christian scripture insist on is a recent phenomenon that has nothing to do with the complex meditative and narrative power these works contain. Look up "hermeneutics"--and don't let anyone tell you how to do it if they dont even know what it is!I grew up Christian went atheist and then went to a college that taught me about liberation theology and the tradition of Christian social justice work. I will never believe the doctrines of Christianity that I was taught as a child. But I am very thankful to have these meaningful narratives and this sense of connection to many historical figures and movements with which I deeply identify back in my life again. You have to decide what feels right for you and you'll have more options as you grow up. Know that no doors are closed for you.
 ,I’m an Episcopalian & we have women priests and bishops. An overview of the ordination of women in Wikipedia may help https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ordination_of_women_in_Protestant_denominations  - lots of denominations ordain women
 ,>Women in Maharshtra’s Beed district are working in sugar fields for almost six months at a stretch. However their employment has a prerequisite: they have to surgically get their wombs removed so that they don’t menstruate at all.  >  >According to a report by the [Hindu Business Line ](https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/economy/agri-business/why-half-the-women-in-maharashtras-beed-district-have-no-wombs/article26773974.ece)cane cutting contractors are unwilling to hire women who menstruate so hysterectomies have become the norm.  >  >The National Sample Survey Office (NSSO)[ states](https://thewire.in/agriculture/no-budget-for-indias-invisible-women-farmers) that the agrarian sector nearly employs 80% women workers. Despite such high numbers both the sector and the macroeconomic policy framework are yet to recognise them as farmers.  >  >Moreover 81% of the female agricultural labourers belong to Dalit Adivasi and OBC communities (ILO 2010). The largest share of casual and landless labourers also come from these social groups.  >  >Yet women have to literally pay through their organs to keep their jobs.
 ,What the actual fuck. Is it cheaper there to get a hysterectomy than an IUD/oral birth control??
 ,Lmao just don't work there
 ,[removed]
 ,Cool
 ,Amazing job she and her team did! Really proud of all of them.
 ,Yes I was teaching the two young boys I share house with about this they were so totally impressed.
 ,I agree it was a history changing discovery but I don’t think they’re giving enough credit to all the other people who helped throughout their journey the team was made up of over 200 people and she seems to be the only one getting recognition. (And yes I know all the data she collected for it)
 ,Yes she did a great job but stop giving her ALL the credit she did not even ask for it. Yes she did a lot but there are a shit ton of people on that team who likely had equally important jobs as her male or female.
 ,She’s a fraud she did only 3% of the work! The rest was done by her male teammates. F*cking fraud.
 ,That's horrible. It's hard to say what exactly should be done in this case as I don't think its really possible to reason with someone so disgusting. Have you and the girl tried reporting this guy to the teacher/professor? I think that could be a good first step.
 ,This video is quite useful for explaining consent which it seems he has trouble identifying https://youtu.be/oQbei5JGiT8
 ,How old is this boy?
 ,So he doesn’t know that you can’t inappropriately touch girls at 15 but apparently he has developed a set of political principles that are obvious enough even for another child to interpret?  Sure.You should be finding an adult and letting them deal with the situation.  If he’s as dangerous as you seem to think you’ll make yourself a target.  Probably someone to avoid in the future.
 ,[removed]
 ,I'm still baffled by people who perceive naked bodies as sexual. They are not unless in a consented sexual context. Apart from the clit no body part is solely sexual. I'm attracted to women and due to being born I saw them in changing rooms yet never was attracted because I automatically read the situation as non sexual. People who can't are simply predators.
 ,As a fan of nude hot springs and a man I can say beyond a shadow of a doubt: nudity is not inherrantly sexual. If people are all equally naked and there is no sexual subtext your body won't react sexually. I'm nineteen my body reacts to anything remotely sexual but I've never had any sort of reaction in nude hot springs. If anything nudity is a great equalizer and it leads to conversations with people you'd otherwise never really think to talk with.
 ,I made it nsfw just in case.
 ,Even if she's not asking for it she's got my respect and admiration!!
 ,[deleted]
 ,I think the impact that pornography has on this subject is monumentally underrated. As someone who was introduced to it at a very young age and has struggled for years to recover from it the way these objectifications and entitlements of the female body become engrained are absolutely insatiable. Seriously need to make regulation of and controls of pornography a top priority in gender equality. Putin's one crazy bastard but he's got that right.
 ,Holy shit these comments are a dumpster fire. What happened?
 ,Well public decency is still a thing. I usually don’t see guys or girls walking around shirtless asides from at the beach or pool.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,I mean nudity is not inherently sexual and I support the idea behind this gesture.I don't however agree with the gesture if she hadn't written on herself and was just at the beach or doing something that was too uncomfortable to do when wearing a shirt or whatever.I can only think of a few situations and all involve working near water or in muddy environments where you wouldn't want to mess up your clothes. Wearing a shirt isn't repression anymore then not wearing one. It's more of a health and cleanliness concern. I personally don't want to bump into someone's sweaty chest male or female while working or walking around and a shirt keeps a majority of street grime and grossness off your body. If you want change and change to be accepted just start doing whatever it is you think should change don't call undo attention to yourself and ignore and shrug off the nay sayers.You'll just be seen as an attention seeker then. Gradually people will accept and join you when the see it doesn't harm them in anyway.Edit:Wow. The number of you that think I'm a man in the PMs. Kinda sad. Hopefully some of you read this and realized their are better ways then standing around with you chest showing. I wanted equality so I took it not with a sign complaints and some chanting song about an uprising or whatever but with affermitive positive action that belittled no one. Man or Woman.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,> *The event a first of its kind in Kurdistan is called the “100 Women Street Gallery” and will take place on April 16 at the famous Erbil Citadel.  A diverse group of female artists academics humanitarians entrepreneurs politicians and athletes from the ranks of both contemporary and historical Kurdish and Iraqi women are among those who will be recognized at the event.*  >  > *The initiative was launched by the international group Female Voices of the World (FVW).  Founded in 2016 FVW aims to draw attention to the accomplishment of females of all generations and backgrounds around the world especially in the Kurdistan Region.*
 ,[removed]
 ,South Korea one of the most technologically advanced societies but so behind when it comes to women's rights. Having lived in Seoul for a few years it will always hold a special place in my heart. And I am so glad South Korean women are speaking up. Totally with all of you.
 ,This is a really interesting post. I wonder what other reasons people have to be attached. I personally think that we hold on to things because letting go would make us vulnerable. As if letting go is akin to forgetting. Thanks for sharing.
 ,In Canada (Manitoba) it's even worse but here it's not invisible theres even a foundation called Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women
 ,CNN is fake news
 ,"Celebrity takedowns of pseudoscience beat a mountain of data every time".Why is this true?
 ,Wow.  I thought adult women were the opposite of what clerics were into.
 ,This is revolting.Years ago I heard comments from a member of my own family saying rape within a marriage isn't the same as "real rape" because if it were only up to the wife there sometimes wouldn't be any sex for months and that's "bad for intimacy". The husband has to force himself on her then and most of the time she ends up liking it anyway...Just don't fucking have sex for months then for fuck's sake. Don't rape the woman you've sworn to love and respect!There's this frightening idea that a woman in a marriage or any long-term relationship has to be sexually available. Like she's not her own person with her own agency who is loved by her partner but instead she's like a sexual pet. Ugh.It's so disheartening to hear there are places in the world where even the law still supports the rape of women.
 ,Old guys trying hard to control women. This Chief Justice of India should be forced to resign for these comments.
 ,What about autistic males like me? You wouldn’t dare trash an autistic person.
 ,Six weeks old. Might as well give the right to a zygote maybe even to the dream you had of conceiving.
 ,The article in summary:* Ryan Magers sued the Alabama Women’s Center for Reproductive Alternatives an abortion clinic in Madison County for providing his girlfriend with an abortion two years ago. * Magers asked his girlfriend repeatedly to not get an abortion but she went through with the procedure when the fetus was six weeks old.* Upon petition Probate Judge Frank Barger granted Magers the ability to sue on the fetus’ behalf.* This is the first time in the country that an aborted fetus has been recognized as having legal rights* This lawsuit is one of the first to take advantage of a measure passed during the November midterm elections when Alabama amended its constitution to recognize “the rights of unborn children including the right to life.” * The amendment made Alabama the first state in the country to add what opponents called a “fetal personhood clause” to its constitution.
 ,As a former Alabamian I know there are some things that non-Alabamians don’t know about the state. During the recent special election where Roy Moore (pedophile and law breaker) went up against Doug Jones (guy who fought the KKK in court) a lot of people I know bowed out of voting because they didn’t want to vote for Moore but couldn’t stomach voting for Jones who supported pro-choice. That’s how ingrained abortion hate is in that state. They were willing to risk a pedophile winning rather than a pro-choice candidate. Thankfully Jones won but it highlights a blindspot in that state. Democrats and abortion are held in the same light as Satan for a good number of people there. 
 ,That's crazy.  Why would anyone live in such a place?
 ,OK the fetus has rights... does it have the right to use someone else's body against their will?  If my six year old needs a kidney transplant do they have the right to demand my kidney against my will?Makes no sense.
 ,I'm sure that it will have a lovely time talking to it's lawyer and hashing out the case. 
 ,This is disgusting. 
 ,Welp that sets a dangerous precedent 
 ,The worst part of this seems to be the power that this woman’s boyfriend was just given over her body by speaking for the fetus.
 ,Well I just got sued by my last fap under the legal precedent established in the 1983 case Every Sperm v. Sacred.
 ,I live in Madison county and I’m currently pregnant. My doctor happens to be the one that runs that clinic. There are roughly three doctors in all of Alabama that preform abortions. These assholes set up outside of the doctor’s ob/gyn office and yell at pregnant women about how their doctor kills babies. I’m 8 months pregnant and obviously not interested in getting an abortion they have been out there for my last two appointments. These people do not care about babies in the womb if they are actively yelling and stressing out women trying to have a healthy pregnancy. I hate everything about this.
 ,This motherfucker has just gone and ripped body autonomy right out from under women in Alabama. What the actual fuck? 
 ,That's not a good sign. Hopefully this doesn't catch on in other states.
 ,Blessed Be the Fruit.
 ,That’s is beyond ridiculous. So a woman gets an unwanted pregnancy and goes a clinic. And then a man sues the clinic on the behalf of the fetus for his own profit?  Aside from how crazy a fetal personhood clause is; what’s stopping this man from just creating another unwanted pregnancy and then getting more money from another lawsuit?  
 ,I’m 25 and I live in MS. Until this we had the most restrictive ban in the country. Recently I had a pregnancy scare and although I’ve always been pro choice and have always knows how difficult it was I came face to face with the challenges I would face to get an abortion. This disgusts me. Absolutely. I hope all the women out there do not give up. Keep fighting. I will. 
 ,This is absurd 
 ,...a *dead* fetus. What? The? Fuck?
 ,So what is next? Giving plants rights? You know those are Gods creatures and they may even feel pain.  Sight.
 ,I can't believe it's not an Onion article.......
 ,We are inching towards the future portrayed in Rain Without Thunder constantly.
 ,[removed]
 ,Could you plan an event? You can get some of the hours by posting fliers publicizing creating connections with feminist groups on your campus and finding people willing to help out. Good feminist-related events I attended at uni included a sexual health "taco-eating" workshop with tacos served and an alternative menstrual products workshop.
 ,Hello visitors from other subs if you choose to treat this as reality and not the satire it is (especially if this is your first or only recent comment here) you’re going to catch a case of the ban.
 ,I mean they were practically asking for it. We should check their backgrounds have they ever donated to charity before? Clearly they just love to give their stuff away and are just now regretting it.
 ,Wearing rolexes they were certainly beckoning for women to rob them they should have worn simple clothing instead of wearing something as suggestive as that. They were asking for it.
 ,The MRA's crying about this are making my day. Then again MRA tears are always welcome.
 ,10/10 post OP you are an international treasure
 ,Please please please be satire!
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Ik its sarcasm but why can’t people just be kind. I could not give less of a shit what gender you are just don’t be an a**hole.
 ,This is a joke right?
 ,I want to hope that the person who typed this was kidding
 ,Why do you always have to complain rape culture and the patriarchy when its really only some Lonely ultra conservative 50 year old inbred who thinks like this
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,I get what you are going for but these men were still drugged and robbed. Its the Golden rule and 2 wrongs don't make a right. We also don't know these peoples political views. They could have been very stonch women's rights activists. No one should victim shame on either side.
 ,You wear a rolex to look rich not to get robbed.
 ,Could you make a list of music artists as well? Women in the music industry(especially rock) never get enough credit.
 ,This is a text about how women artists have been more prolific than we think because they were eliminated from memory by art historians and museums. How is that not feminist?
 ,Ill check this list out! Thanks for posting.
 ,THAT is an object.  The statement “I’d tap that.” is a complete objectification of a person.  They become a thing.  A thing to be used with no inherent humanity.  Yes it is a cultural norm but the it’s rape culture that produced it.   If a person can’t hear that explanation and be loathe to use it after they’re an asshat.
 ,While it is an extremely demeaning phrase it's quite likely that what he said didn't really even register to him. He probably just sees it as a "joke line" that doesn't really mean anything. You need to speak openly with him. Explain why it's a bad phrase just like you did here because it reduces the target of the phrase to an object instead of a person and that complimenting someone's appearance shouldn't be reduced to pure sexuality. If he responds badly then yeah you've got a problem. But he might understand and start seeing a small part of life a different way and that's a good beginning.
 , If you're young and/or early in your relationship with your bf it's perfectly normal to have complex reactions to things like this. (It's also normal when you get older/ have more long-term relationships but the tone of the experience changes simply because you know youreself and your partner much better). Your feelings don't necessarily have to have a rational basis at least in the sense that there must be something "objectively" sexist in what your bf said. It could simply be that you don't like hearing your bf talk in ways you associate (for whatever reason) with sexism.  My personal opinion is that among friends saying something like that is not really any worse than commenting on the good looks of people around you. Whether or not it’s appropriate to say something like that out loud is HEAVILY context dependent IMO. Being out at a bar with a bunch of friends discussing celebrities is a lot different that loudly making comments to each other as an attractive woman walks by.That said I know that I had a tendency to be fairly insecure (I make no apologies for it I had no idea what I was doing) early in my relationship. Any comment by my SO that indicated a willingness to sleep with another person made me super uncomfortable. It was also really easy to read this discomfort as virtually anything else rather than what it really was: jealousy. Again I don’t actually think it’s wrong to feel this way or to even ask him not to say things like that around you. It might however be a bit much to ask him to stop entirely depending a bit on how he feels about it.
 ,Yikes. I'm not gonna say you should break up with him but you should consider that some men just won't change their antifeminist ways and figure out for yourself if it's worth putting up with.I left my ex for many reasons but his inability to empathize with women was a big part of it. If there's too many of these issues with him don't let him fool you into thinking you can't find someone who respects you better than that. Woke men exist and they want out of these toxic gender norms too. Im not sure how you should try explaining again because it would depend on how open minded he is to hearing women's experiences. A man who refuses to accept that women are objectified by phrases like that either doesn't understand what objectification is or just doesn't care but it's usually a bit of both. Sometimes there's hope that he'll understand but most of the time change takes years or having a daughter or never.Try r/AskFeminists too they might have some advice for you there too
 ,To answer your question the saying "I'd tap that" is neither inherently sexist nor demeaning. Sexism is a man made concept we humans created. If something is sexist it isn't because it is inherently that way but because someone perceives it as such. There is no such thing as an inherently sexist thing as any perception of sexism is just that a perception. To put it another way if you think it is sexist then you are neither correct nor incorrect and the same goes for the other way around if someone doesn't think the saying is sexist then they are also neither correct nor incorrect.
 ,'I'd tap that' is really only something that should be said as an obvious joke (see Jabba the hut) otherwise I'd say it's rather objectifying.
 ,Yes this is demeaning but it says more about the person than it does about sexism. People of any gender can be rude or distasteful.
 ,[deleted]
 ,When entering a mosque just as when entering a Jewish cemetery or a synagog it is indeed good practice for men of any faith to cover their heads as a sign of respect. Doesn't have to be an authentic Muslim or Jewish cap. Any respectful hat will do.As for considering the victims humans vs Muslims they weren't murdered for being humans. They were murdered specifically for being Muslims. I don't think a show of solidarity for a frightened Muslim community to show them you're not part of a culture of hostility against them needs to be diluted to be a show of solidarity for all mankind instead. That's just as bad as when guys come in here to argue sexual assault is really a human issue denying that it's heavily gendered. It was an attack targeting Muslims.None of this is an endorsement of Islamic values. Dismantling the baggage of that religion can still be a long-term goal but in the short term a lot of people deemed it more important to side with the *people* of Muslim faith putting their possible objections against Islam on the backburner and focusing on promoting solidarity first. To show they stand against hate against Muslim *people* such as the attack in Christchurch which wasn't an attempt to reform Islam but a hate motivated attack on Muslims. You can stand against that and still oppose Islamic values.
 ,It’s to show respect to the lost ones. Stop making everything about women’s right. Have some decency as a human being.
 ,As with all generalizations some of her statements do not apply to all cases. I am sure that one can find some situations where the sex worker does not engage in this out of need for survival or due to abuse/trafficking - there may be women who might simply enjoy it (moral aspects of commodifying sexual consent aside).However I too personally believe that most of the industry is one of abuse and rape where one endures far more degradation (and risk of rape beating abuse and even murder) than pretty much any other industry out there. To me this is an industry of abuse of sexual slavery - where capitalism as exploitation of those misfortunate shows one of its ugliest faces; perhaps only war capitalism is worse. Perhaps.Obviously this is a condemnation of the industry not of those suffering because of it; we have a zero tolerance policy for anyone denigrating sex workers as persons be it attacking their dignity or humanity; a quick permanent ban is the only answer for such cases and any persistence will just lead eventually to account suspension.
 ,[removed]
 ,The first thing that pops to my mind is to tell them to never go into any situation with a woman EXPECTING sex from her. For example taking her on a date to a dance buying her a gift paying for her meal etc. Too often society perpetuates the idea that women owe sex to men.Secondly when men voice their opinions on women’s bodies specifically negative opinions or sexualized opinions- this is only perpetuating the oppression of women and need to be curbed. Thirdly ditch words like “slut” “bitch” “whore” “cunt” from your vocabulary because I (as a 20 yr old female) can guarantee that this won’t impress any female.
 ,Maybe (at least in my opinion) differentiate between 1st and 3rd world feminist movements as 1st world Feminism in particular got a lot more  populistic than it should be (e. g. the now infamous "questions for white men" Video from buzzfeed) and also is almost as misleading in some ways as the right (good example is the Gender Pay Gap where there was a very complex topic which both sides viewed in a very simple manner) whereas there are still some simple human rights that get violated in 3rd world countries (e. g. genital mutilation of young girls).
 ,Read up on and promote Indigenous feminsim happening across the globe. Some points that may be crucial to add for the consideration of new students:Feminism should be viewed not just as historical events and a present day theory/framework but as active advocacy for human rights. Feminism is political personal and should be an accessible label and conversation.Feminism should be about prioritising anti-sexism approaches to life and living and celebrating the exploration of womanhood and gender.Feminism is a thoughtful conversation more than it is a list of rules.
 ,Fourthly if you’ve noticed that women speak up less in class / work situations  it’s because they DO as women have been silenced and given less rights than men historically and therefore have less confidence overall. That being said VALIDATE women when they do speak up truly LISTEN and support and help women to speak up in the first place - ASK their opinions  you just might learn from them!
 ,Teach them that Feminism is simply believing that all genders should be treated fairly and equally. Nothing else. It’s not taking away their rights. It’s not a bad thing. Teach them that unless they think that woman deserve to be treated less then them they are feminists. Show them some famous male feminists that they can look up to. Teach them about the history of feminism and how far it has come but also how much more needs to be done. Tell them to talk to the females in their lives about the sexism they’ve experienced; catcalling online by other family members at work etc. So they can find out how many people it really impacts
 ,Why are you instantly apologizing for being a man leading a feminism group? You took the initiative and started it because you have passion and are interested is helping the young learn about it. Do not apologize for being a man. That's something you should teach those boys. Men are men and women are women. They are equal and different.
 ,If you haven't just go to nude-only places. If you have a nude sauna in your area that would be a good place to start. A nude beach would also be great.The most surprising part of this experience for me was how comfortable nudity can be even socially. One would assume that especially in a nude environment it mattered how conventionally attractive someone is but in my experience the opposite is the case. Nudity isn't sexualized in these environments and clothing is actually a far stronger social divider than our naked bodies. A naked person if not sexualized is just a naked person. Especially in a sauna or at the beach where you can't even have makeup or fancy hair. Our clothing says how we see ourselves. With it we're telling the world whether we are to be treated as attractive. We wear something that accentuates our bodies instead of something that hides them - unconventionally attractive people are often taught to think dressing themselves up would just be "putting lipstick on a pig" so instead they wear deliberately shlubby loose fitting clothing so as not to "overreach" and wear something they don't deserve to wear - but these choices only exacerbate matters (that is if they could reasonably *find* flattering clothing for their size or whether it would be financially feasible to get it if their weight is fluctuating.)Another huge divider is whether there are differences in class! Clothing immediately shows this. Whereas when you're naked you're just another human. Nudity in my experience is a refreshing comfortable equalizer.I hope you're going to make that experience too. You're going to love it and it's going to be so helpful for you! Best of luck!
 ,I guess you could start off simple.  Just go nude around the house and see how it feels to just be nude doing normal stuff (cooking sitting on the couch watching Netflix etc.).Note that I’m just an explorer of this sub (not a feminist) so my opinion here probs doesn’t mean as much.Just a disclaimer*
 ,Take ur fucking clothes off simple
 ,This is a question better for r/nudism or r/naturism both have plenty of users (in the LGBTQ+ spectrum too) that can help you
 ,[removed]
 ,Imagine lying to someone instead of just telling them you're not interested
 ,He doesn't want to know if it's a fake number so that he can force the real one out of them. He want's to know if it's a fake number so that he deosn't waste his time thinking the person's interesting when they're not. It's ridiculous that you can't just say that you're not interested and that you instead have to waste their time and effort when you didn't care about them in the first place.
 ,If a guy asks you that just tell them that if they weren’t paying enough attention to get it right the first time they must not be too interested.
 ,Lol giving out fake numbers. Women will always be women liars and masters of deception 😂
 , I always loved history education and design.This is the final result of project I've been working for several months. I illustrated and designed this coloring book on "controversial" or "radical" feminist that not many people know about.The list includes women such as Comandanta Ramona Marsha P Johnson Tawakkul Karmān + many more.This art book is free for everyone who are near the hosting areas (local galleries bookstores libraries). I wanted to create an accessible education tool designed to be digestible for all ages and get more kids and adults in creative spaces mentally and physically!(This is just a project i did for fun its not available to buy online)
 ,I would love to download a pdf of this and share it with others. I would also happily support you on Patreon or PayPal for making something amazing like this available to us.
 ,This is so wonderfull! Amazing work :)
 ,😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
 ,Since you dont like itdont go?
 ,It's a Christian program Christian women are called to be modest. Also those suggestions are not absurd. You wouldn't go to an office job interview in a crop top. It's just a more professional environment. It's just a way to show your respect for them.
 ,I love it!!
 ,Omg nice work!
 ,This post definitely looks like it upset some salty bois. Report the trash when you see it. Thanks everyone and OP
 ,I’m sending this to my mom who thought it would be perfectly acceptable for Joe Biden to touch her like he did that woman who felt uncomfortable with it. She said “Times really have changed since when Biden and I were young.”Edit: I told her there were likely many women who would have been uncomfortable but that men and women who felt like my mother would have made them feel like they couldn’t speak out. She agreed with me. I can see in her face the internal battle between “This damn PC culture!” and compassion.
 ,*Image Transcription: Twitter Post*---**Allana* @AllanaHarkinSocial norms have not changed. WeNEVER liked you touching us withoutour permission. So please stopconvincing yourself that it's a newworld. It's the same world I just don't have to lose a job for telling you to get your hands off me.---^^I'm&#32;a&#32;human&#32;volunteer&#32;content&#32;transcriber&#32;for&#32;Reddit&#32;and&#32;you&#32;could&#32;be&#32;too!&#32;[If&#32;&#32;you'd&#32;like&#32;more&#32;information&#32;on&#32;what&#32;we&#32;do&#32;and&#32;why&#32;we&#32;do&#32;it&#32;click&#32;here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/TranscribersOfReddit/wiki/index)
 ,I don't think she knows what social norms are... It was the norm to disregard women's wishes mainly. Now it's not.
 ,Yeah unless that guys a super good looking dude then it’s okay to touch her. Women’s logic... 😂😂😂
 ,[deleted]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,The story here is that it took so long...
 ,We're making progress as slow as it may seem keep the good vibes up!
 ,Many nations have had this military law for hundreds of years it needs to spread faster though. 
 ,The fact that I did not know about this goes to show how one sided out portrait of feminism can be. We must remember all women and not look away from the most difficult portraits of being a woman
 ,Let them in
 ,This is 1945. Times have changed.
 ,Had they replaced it already. Says as much in the article.
 ,[removed]
 ,Appalling. But I'm curious why this is presented without context beyond that it's from a small town in Indiana.It may be important to know St. Ferdinand High School (now Forest Park High School) went public in the school year of **1968-69** ([source](http://www.jdcpl.lib.in.us/YB/FHS_1969.pdf) p.6) so that's how old that "news" is. The school had its first male principal in 1969 after only having Sisters as principals since it was founded ([source](http://www.jdcpl.lib.in.us/YB/FHS_1971.pdf) p.2).It may also be interesting to note that the current principal Dr. Jamie Pund is a woman. ([source](https://www.sedubois.k12.in.us/1/Content2/faculty))
 ,So things were different 50 years ago? 
 ,*Image Transcription:*---[*Text from a newspaper*]**April 9**It was announced by Superin-tendent of Schools Earl Buechlerthat applications are being accept-ed for the principalship at Ferd-nand High School for next schoolyear. Sister Mary Carmen whohas been the principal at Ferdi-nand for the past four years willremain on the faculty. The schoolboard has made it clear that it waswell satisfied with the job done by Sister Mary Carmen but becauseof the school going public because of reorganization and because ofsome of the demanding jobs to be performed by a high school princi-pal a man should be employed for the principalship.---^^I'm&#32;a&#32;human&#32;volunteer&#32;content&#32;transcriber&#32;for&#32;Reddit&#32;and&#32;you&#32;could&#32;be&#32;too!&#32;[If&#32;you'd&#32;like&#32;more&#32;information&#32;on&#32;what&#32;we&#32;do&#32;and&#32;why&#32;we&#32;do&#32;it&#32;click&#32;here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/TranscribersOfReddit/wiki/index)
 ,the top 001% of males that support this broken patriarchal system would disagree.
 ,I read an article a few days ago (Buzzfeed?) about the white dudebros who are hurt by equality and have killed as a result.   People like the Charleston shooter the incel in Toronto the NZ mosque shooter.  
 ,I can think of many times people were hurt by attempts of equality but none of them were true equality though it is also hard because equality could mean something else to everyone though I do love the sign
 ,The USSR was pretty equal likewise Chairman Mao’s China
 ,Jesus Christ. This is one of the nastiest most toxic collection of comments I've ever seen. Where the fuck are the mods?
 ,[removed]
 ,I don't think the episode was really about "girls can do anything boys can do" it was more about Sabrina continuing to do the wrong things for the right reasons pushing her further down the dark path.  And she only had to cheat at the test because a male cheated and f'd up her studying.  Theo was a different situation.  He needs to learn to accept his limitations (not being good at basketball) but Sabrina won't allow him to because her own weakness is not being able to let her friends suffer.
 ,I mean tbf the contest was heavily biased against her. The male candidate only got one question and it was just"what is a pentagram". Also it showed how the other candidate went out drinking with the boys club while Sabrina was actually studying which implies the contest was never to be held in good faith.The basketball bit was dumb though.
 ,Also Salem doesn't talk anymore. Lame. 
 ,I mean she also couldn’t study because she was fighting for her life and so three women who she’s usually adversaries with come together to help her overcome two unfair advantages that Nick had: an extremely biased questionnaire (as nick again had a laughably simple question and Zelda remarked to Sabrina’s first question that “even I couldn’t answer that. He then continued to question Sabrina even though it’s obviously supposed to be abab format) and the inability to study due to circumstances outside of her control. It’s about Women putting personal feelings aside to work together to overcome an unfair disadvantage and men caring more about keeping the status quo then investigating an attempted murder of a woman because they don’t like that she “rocks the boat”. Yeah Sabrina has it’s fair share of disappointing moments but this ain’t it.
 ,They lost me when they set it up so that the head of the witch organization was a man. Lazy lazy world building.
 ,Wasn't this exact thing just posted?
 ,Lmao that whole show is just ..mmmm
 ,Pretty much truth. People gotta learn the basics of consent. I thought it was simple but apparently not. Im saying this to young me as well. Goddam girl if you don't want it you don't want it. That's not your fault! 
 ,Giving everyone a message "don't be a rapist" is pretty redundant. Starting at a young age to teach *all* people to respect each other and what that means for behaviour in platonic and sexual relationships both in terms of what you should and shouldn't do and the standards of behaviour you're entitled to expect from others; that shit is pretty fundamental.
 ,[removed]
 ,I like to drink. I don't drink and drive because I'm not a massive egotistical piece of shit.I have a dick. And I keep it to myself unless someone else wants to see it because I'm not a massive egotistical piece of shit.Yeah when a guy feels insulted by this subject I can't help but suspect him. Even if he's not a rapist it feels like he's laying ground work in advance to protect his own ego in case he hurts someone later.
 ,Real answer- it takes time education and self reflection to not take it as a personal attack. There was a time where this would have pissed me off but I took a look at my world views and why it made me mad. I listened to women about why they felt that way. I learned more about the larger cultural context. Sometimes stuff like that can be jarring and you don't want to be lumped in with rapists but you don't question the assumptions of the society that you live in that contributes to the culture that normalized rape culture. You see yourself as apart from that and hearing that reflects uncomfortable truths about your world view. It's not easy to change but it's needed. 
 ,[removed]
 ,Yup most men and women will never rape anybody so why care. Question is how do you stop the few men and women that actually are the problem? 
 ,I totally agree that rape is bad and men should be taught better but where do we drawn the line on consent? I've heard people say that we need to ask for consent every 45 seconds during sex? That's ridiculous but I'm asking in all seriousness: What is *your* definition of rape?
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Women can rape too gays can rape too. Why not advertise it to everyone?
 ,Most of the messages accuse men of raping not just tell them not to rape. Also "Stop raping" is saying "do not continue to rape" which accuses men of rape.
 ,[removed]
 ,Absolutely agree but when someone takes it too far to the point of saying all men are rapists that's literally sexist by definition and should be called out
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Contra is taking over this site. I love it. 
 ,ContraProints is so incredibly amazing. She brings up complicated issues up for discussion in such a nuanced hilarious and light-hearted manner while still getting across the point and the significance of the topic at hand. I just have so much praise for her. 
 ,Natalie is one of the most articulate people I have ever come across! She is intelligent and eloquent.
 ,*Excuse my beauty. Terf.*Power move of the century right there.
 ,YES transgirl here love seeing contra on this sub.
 ,I love Natalie (ContraPoints) \^\_\^
 ,This video really helped me. I always knew these TERF arguments were flawed I just struggled to explain WHY they were flawed in such an articulate way. I feel like I now have a better understanding of the logic behind these arguments/truths.
 ,I love her so so so much. Her video on incels was amazing and this one is no different. I love her ability to talk about issues in a very nuanced way and how she  tries to present her opponents view points thoroughly and without off-handedly dismissing them. She may not agree with others but she at least she explains their point of view a bit more sympathetically.Also that 'sip the teapot' moment nearly fucking killed me. 
 ,The Queen of YouTube spreads her domain! Gods I love Natalie ❤️❤️❤️❤️
 ,I have yet to see a better approach to addressing such a blatant anti-intersectional hate group.
 ,I love Natalie ❤️ She’s truly a gift 
 ,So much love. 
 ,I will be a 100% honest I did have “concerns” as she put it. BUT this video was soooo educating. I know its not trans people’s “job” to educate everyone but I found this so helpful and insightful.🙏🏻Also when she says “a-mock” I died! Haha 
 ,In my youth I never related to other males after a while I thought I was a woman. I am not a man or a woman or trans I am me. Everyone is unique. For a long time I never used labels for myself (punk nerd ect) because the second you give yourself a label like that there is some predefined thought that you are conforming to. Any label is constricting to a growing mind imo. " I am he and she is she but you are the only you. no one else has got your eyes and can see the thing you see" 
 ,She’s incredible! Also I haven’t seen much about TERFs before and it’s awful to see feminists turn on fellow women. Hopefully we can start making feminist spaces inclusive again. 
 ,"It rattles my chromosomes" 😂 
 ,I love Natalie so much. So articulate and intelligent she manages to word all my dumb thoughts into coherent clear points. Really happy to see that her platform and following are growing 💖💖
 ,Never heard of Contrapoints but I watched this whole thing she's really amazing and this is a great video!
 ,I just recently started watching Natalie’s videos and now I can’t stop. She succinctly articulates so many complex topics without necessarily demeaning her opposition. It definitely helps that her worldview aligned with mine in many ways but she has helped me think about many things differently as well.She’s already my favorite YouTuber.
 ,The queen of lefttube.
 ,It is refereshing to see Natalie here.
 ,I remember my dad complaining that germaine greer was not allowed to speak at a university. His company is really into their lgbt rights. I sent him this video asking if what she said would be acceptable to his company. Cue backtracking 
 ,I didn't watch the whole video yet but I figured out a long time ago that TERFs embody the very irrational hatred of ALL MEN (and those who happened to be born with male parts) that feminists deny they should have: "We don't hate men we just hate the patriarchy that oppresses women!"Meanwhile transgender people both men and women are oppressed and brutalized as much as cis women ever have been and TERFs not only don't give a damn about their suffering they actually help inflict some of that pain! So I wrote about that:https://dalehusband.com/2016/02/27/terfs-are-no-better-than-mras/So I know little specifically about this Germaine Greer person but I really don't think we should be calling her a feminist anymore. 
 ,All Hail the Queen!
 ,She’s so smart 
 ,I just fell in love. She is so beautiful intelligent and funny!
 ,Contrapoints is amazing.
 ,That is a perfect presentation. 
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,There is always going to be unconscious bias. But it sounds like everyone involved is trying to limit theirs.It comes down to if you believe you would be more valuable to the meeting then your co-worker. If you believe you would be. Then you absolutely should voice that in a respectful way that makes your coworker and boss feel good about the decision. In other words if you believe you are the best person for this role you should be able to sell it.I find that when everyone leaves a situation feeling positive it helps the team.If you believe that you both would bring equal value. Then suggest a fair way to decide between the two of you.If it were me I would be voicing my desire to go. If my coworker also voiced his desire and gave valid reasons. I would suggest a competition maybe just a coin toss. If he declined the competition and still insisted on going. I would also insist. This is my opinion so there may be better responses but in this case since only two people can attend I wouldn't place gender to highly. Since that would mean your male coworkers would never be able to go to client meetings that consist of your boss and one other person because your boss is male.If there were three people and they were all male then that would start to raise flags depending on the composition of the team. 
 ,Sort of defines patriarchy. Always leaves you guessing if it is you.
 ,Well delegating you to note taking is totally sexist and you should definitely fight that as you can but I don't know your job so I can't give specific tips except to argue since you have more experience it should not be your job to note take and maybe if you can point out that anyone can learn to be organized and someone out of college should be practicing that. Not you with your experience. And that does point to there being bias overall.It's always difficult to know when to self advocate and when not. And women seem to suffer either way. If they didn't self-advocate they are usually told it's their fault they didn't get that opportunity or promotion. But often when they do self-advocate they are seen as too demanding and problematic.So it really is tough to give advice. Especially for a field I have no idea about. But If you really want the spot I say fight for it make it clear you have a positive history with clients and more experience. But that's easy to say when it's not my career on the line too.
 ,This is what happens when men ostracize women for literally anything they start by saying how much they support us and are huge fans of women then go ahead and do degrading acts of violence and battery against women. 
 ,Imagine thinking that a woman's appearance is the only thing that matters about her and that her having an appearance she wanted to have is somehow sadObviously this is a TV show so it isn't even a real life examples of that but still
 ,Third most upvoted comment in that thread:>This makes my dick cry and not in a good wayAlso from this thread:>That's (w)horifficWhat a charming bunch.&#x200B;
 ,T_D is Just pathetic
 ,r/shitthe_donaldsays
 ,Shame on her for becoming her authentic self! Clearly the short time we have on earth should be spent living behind a facade to give the menfolk something to pretty to look at.
 ,That's actually mean I'm with you on this one no one should pick on cancer patients. But we can all take a lesson from her even though she has a life-threatening disease and it looks like a broken arm she is still smiling
 ,Looks like a turtle
 ,This is so goddamn important to know and it pisses me off.&#x200B;Podcast on the same subject:  [https://www.gimletmedia.com/science-vs/6-the-g-spot#episode-player](https://www.gimletmedia.com/science-vs/6-the-g-spot#episode-player) 
 ,It's why in response to the phrase "suck my dick" I say "lick my clit". Everyone shuts up 
 ,It's easy to forget given the whole "most visible form of oppression" quote in the article that this goes both ways. My sister is Muslim a convert in the United States. No family pressure or social pressure to wear hijab. She wears the hijab and gets SO MUCH SHIT for it. I say yes fight back against countries that force women to wear the hijab. But also allow women to make their own choices and respect those.Also I would argue that if there was a visible symbol of oppression that most often distinguishes those women wearing it by force instead of choice it would actually be the burqa. Most Muslim women forced or not wear hijab but that ratio changes for burqa. Some women do choose to wear one out of desire and that SHOULD be respected. But it is not required in Islam just allowed so most women don't tend to if they don't have to. You see most of them in areas that enforce them although again I'm emphasizing that those women who choose to should have that choice respected. 
 ,Genetically Modified Skeptic did a great video essay on this with the help of 3 ex-muslim women who are opposed to the world embracing the hijab (https://youtu.be/vVpZ0FZc8SY).
 ,This is literally just one person's opinion many many Muslim women have argued against this rhetoric (and are ignored completely):http://rabble.ca/columnists/2018/02/hijabs-feminism-and-hypocrisy-mainstream-narratives-womens-liberation
 ,Also she's been criticized before BY other Iranian feminists and has basically become a pariah in the Muslim feminist community since standing with Trump on some of these issues:http://web.archive.org/web/20190205234243/https://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/how-the-trump-administration-is-exploiting-irans-burgeoning-feminist-movementShe's Ayaan Hrsi Ali part 2 and let's not forget Ayaan ended up being a huge liar.
 ,I just wish feminists would call out Islam as they call out all religion. They are all ridiculous and as idealogy deserve critisism and critique. 
 ,This woman is protesting against the government and societal insistence on women wearing the hijab and calling out what she sees as enablers. I find it puzzling that "intersectional" western feminists are unable to see her point of view. Almost as if "feminists" (I use quotes because feminists are not part of a monolith) are choosing a side
 ,If the country forces women to wear it and you wear it youre on the wrong side.if the country makes it illegal to wear it and you wear it youre on the right side.
 ,Just finished reading The Power and loved it. It's apparently being adapted into a ten part series on Amazon Prime but really there's a rich world in there that could easily sustain five seasons at least of exploration.
 ,I wish the women of Rwanda could have an abortion simply because they've requested it as well as because they've been raped/are in danger.I'm pleased he's taking the steps necessary to stop penalising women for what is health care. 
 ,And to think the symbol of the free world is going in the opposite direction. Banning abortion won't stop a single abortion! You're just going to have people resorting to home remedies and back alley abortions. 
 ,Good but why are they being jailed in the first place 
 ,**Direct link**: https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2019/apr/05/paul-kagame-orders-release-of-women-and-girls-jailed-over-abortion-in-rwanda---^^I'm&#32;a&#32;bot&#32;-&#32;[Why?](https://np.reddit.com/user/amp-is-watching-you/comments/970p7j/why_did_i_build_this_bot/)&#32;-&#32;[Ignore&#32;me](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=amp-is-watching-you&subject=ignore&message=If%20you%20click%20%27send%27%20below%2C%20the%20following%20action%20will%20be%20taken%3A%0A%0A%2A%20The%20bot%20will%20ignore%20you%0A%0AYou%20will%20receive%20a%20confirmation%20in%20reply.)&#32;-&#32;[Source&#32;code](https://github.com/bvanrijn/aiwy)
 ,Yo my man!
 ,This is really nice to hear.Still a long way to go but atleast there is progress !
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,This is actually pretty common and I believe the reason is because sexuality is like you say a deeply personal and individual thing. Sex has a way of tapping into our innermost subconscious thoughts and desires. If you are familiar with the term "subspace" you may be familiar with the different changes in consciousnesses that can occur. When we strongly identify as one thing this creates a shadow so to speak which is essentially the opposite of everything we consciously identify as. The solution isn't to further surpress your subconscious desires but to bring them to light  and seek more balance in your every day life. The more confident and secure you feel in your  femininity as a whole and the more comfortable you feel expressing that in your daily life the less  imbalanced these subconscious desires will become. I think often it is the case as feminists we may harbor a lot of unresolved insecurities about femininity. From an early age we learn from society to think of femininity as a weakness and something that must be dominated and  overcome in order to compete on a level playing field. That can become a complex that we  then act out in our subconscious and sexual fantasy. Whether you are finding yourself with a desire to dominate and degrade others or to be dominated and degraded yourself. 
 ,HiSo first I’d like to recommend you repost this on r/askfeminists. The people who come to this sub tend to seek feminist news and issues. R/askfeminists is really the question & answer type so I think you’d be more likely to get answers over there.For your first question feminist porn is a thing. [Here’s a cosmo article that gives some options.](https://www.cosmopolitan.co.za/sex-relationships/5-feminist-porn-sites/) I’m personally a fan of Sweetsinner (just google it) because there’s a focus on the women’s motivations and pleasure. It’s still a fantasy but it’s a more balanced fantasy.To put this question into historical context porn was a major issue in the feminist community in the 70s. ([click her for more info](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feminist_sex_wars)) So you’re certainly not the first or only person to question the effects of porn or to ask for better porn.As far as the communication goes I recommend explaining to your partners that there may be some things you were previously comfortable with but you’ve grown a little on the subject. For equal treatment tell them not to anything they’re not willing to do. If he wouldn’t allow a man to cum on his face maybe he should question why he wants to do it to you. If she’s not willing to let you give her anal why should you let her give you anal?If he or she isn’t willing to evolve on this issue then I’m sorry but I think the relationship is fucked. You’re no longer sexually compatible. I’m not saying they’re bad people only that they’re looking for your consent to do things but you shouldn’t have to consent just because your partner want to. I’m not into BDSM and if my partner was really into it I think we would be doomed to fail. One of us is not going to be happy with our sex life.Hope my thoughts and opinions helped some. Send some follow up questions my way if you’d like :)
 ,Honestly I feel like this might be a better question for/BDSMcommunity. Best of luck!
 ,Thank you I do think I read your comment as more dismissive (and not helpful) than it was meant. I hear what you’re saying. I’ll def have to turn to a kink community eventually with more specific questions lol. But I went here first bcs it just recently dawned on me that (I feel) my sexuality doesn’t exist in a vacuum and that I have to examine how that possibly holds me back from being who I want to be and living the life I want to live. 
 ,> However lately I have started to question why - since as far back as I can remember - there has always been a clear power component to all my fantasies which has included (I’m bisexual) taking on a submissive role in my relationships with men and a dominate role in my relationships with women (sexually). **I don’t feel like I can walk around anymore pretending that the way my sexuality has been shaped is not strongly influenced by society and that it may shape the view I have about myself and other women in a negative way.** &#x200B;And what exactly is wrong or bad about your sexuality being influenced by society and outside forces? Also why do you think it is negative? There is nothing inherently bad about wanting to be submissive or dominant.&#x200B;> So now I am basically interested in trying to undue years of programming. And change what I fantasize about the porn I watch and how I interact with my partner. &#x200B;Why do you feel you need to do it like you have some moral obligation to do this? Your fantasies are neither good nor bad and you don't need to change anything on the other hand if you really feel like you must do it then so be it but realize that you don't have to.&#x200B; >Unfortunately when the relationship ended I went back on the hamburger. It is hard to resist years of habit and back with my own fantasies I reverted back to my preferred fantasies which involves an uneven power distribution and **lots of degrading acts (towards women)** which I’ve then perpetuated in my relationships (often being the one to push my partners in the direction of these preferences/kinks).&#x200B;There is no such thing as an inherently degrading act that is just a subjective evaluation you make. And if both you and your partners enjoy it then why do you feel like you must change?&#x200B;> Now I want to tackle this on a deeper level but I still struggle to get off to fantasies that doesn’t have a strong element of power. &#x200B;And there is absolutely nothing inherently wrong with that. &#x200B;> I also want to note that this does not have to do with me judging myself as a bad person because of my preferences but solely has to do with the fact that I feel like I can improve my life (and in extension) the life of those around me by growing in this area. &#x200B;Your post makes it sound like you are not comfortable with the way you are and that you can be "better" if you changed. It seems like you perceive that there is a problem about yourself that needs to be changed but there is no problem unless you make it one and there is no need to change of course there is also no need to not change. If you really feel like this must be done then its your decision just remember that you don't need to do this and your preferences are not inherently good or bad.
 ,Fuckin queers don't need to say anything else.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,I mean I've been reading up on r/childfree and they say you just have to be 25 of course they still try and pressure you into not doing it but you don't need all those other thingsIt may be a state law so correct me if I'm wrong please
 ,*Image Transcription: Facebook Post*---**Deonna Minix**Guy at work yesterday: if I was a female I'd get my tubes tied at 18 and do my own thingMe: *uncontrollable laughter*Him: how old do you have to be to get that anyway?Me: you must be 25 married and have at least one son and one daughter and yourhusband must agreeHim: WHAT!??!!?! You mean you can't just gsnip it up if you dont want kids?Me: nopeOther guy at work: wtf I could walk in right now and get a vasectomy thoughMe: That's because men are in control of their own bodies 🙃Thank you for coming to my TedTalk this is Women's Rights 101 🙃🙃🙃---^^I'm&#32;a&#32;human&#32;volunteer&#32;content&#32;transcriber&#32;for&#32;Reddit&#32;and&#32;you&#32;could&#32;be&#32;too!&#32;[If&#32;you'd&#32;like&#32;more&#32;information&#32;on&#32;what&#32;we&#32;do&#32;and&#32;why&#32;we&#32;do&#32;it&#32;click&#32;here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/TranscribersOfReddit/wiki/index)
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,a hero
 ,this is amazing - if the procedure exists it should be available on the NHS
 ,FMG is truly horrible. One of the biggest international women’s rights issues in my opinion.
 ,This submission has been randomly featured in /r/serendipity a bot-driven subreddit discovery engine. More here: /r/Serendipity/comments/b9og8r/the_melbourne_surgeon_giving_fgm_survivors_their/
 ,What a hero seriously made my day reading this!Just wanted to point out to the guys coming here and thinking FGM and circumcision are the same they're not. FGM would be the equivalent to part or all of the head of your penis being cut off not just the skin. 
 ,A hero full stop. I don't understand anyone attempting to hijack this thread to argue against circumcision. This man is a hero and doing amazing work. Fgm and circumcision are both bad but this man is reversing the most violating procedure I can think of and trying to right wrongs. Anyone who negates that is horrible.
 ,Wow I didn't even know this was possible. This guy is a saint.
 ,What is FGM?
 ,Jesus so many people are using this article to complain about male issues.
 ,[removed]
 ,Now let's move onto foreskin restoration.
 ,Why is this so much worse than Male circumcision? Or is it just as bad?
 ,It's annoying since the surgeon could spend his time helping both men & females.
 ,[removed]
 ,no it isn't Cumbersnot McPickleshit
 ,If you are a judge and find yourself with these sorts of thoughts step down. 
 ,Like so many things it's best to think for yourself and in this case read the actual courtroom transcript. It's a very misleading article with a click-baity title.
 ,[removed]
 ,Holy shit America what is going on over there?
 ,Whoever contributed to this law materializing should never be allowed to be in a position of leadership. They have no respect for women
 ,We should be consistent and ban ejaculation too. 
 ,Time to leave Alabama. I propose going to Australia its very pro-choice
 ,Wtf?
 ,Blessed be the fruit!
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,What century are we in again?
 ,For a second I thought the headline meant the boss was concerned for her ability to support the boyfriend on her salary thus proactively asking if she needed a raise.
 ,[removed]
 ,That person is so brave and I hope they are okay.  If you ever see someone being discriminated like this for any reason stand by their side. People with open hearts need to stand up to the closed-hearted because ignorance and hate is not okay
 ,They justify women’s oppression by comparing them to those in worse situations and telling them that they are doing fine since they’re better than the others. This has been the pattern of abuse for women since time immemorial. They used to tell our grandparents that they were better than the women who lived before them and so on and so forth. It’s sickening and disturbing. 
 ,Its not about whether it could be worse it's about whether it should be better. Until women have the same rights and opportunities as men and are treated the same way by society (and vice versa) then we've still got work to do.  (Also no one is telling 1st world men 'hey at least you're not treated like someone in xyz where you'd be paid in rice and your boss could have you beaten for not turning up for work on time'.)
 ,Bigots have been pulling that line on oppressed groups since forever.Telling us we're "too radical" for wanting equal treatment saying we should be grateful we don't have it worse/like we used to. No matter when it's never the "right time".Fuck 'em. The right time was centuries ago but now's better late than never. 
 ,You see this constantly even from those who have no logical reason to parrot it. I wonder if during the Civil Rights era young black people who went marching for their rights were told by their parents and grandparents how greedy they were being and how they should be grateful that they weren't born into slavery.
 ,This pattern exists because we as women should just shut up and be grateful for what we get. This has been the psychology of society way before us and it will continue way after. What happens to the women that stand up against this pattern? "Oh must be a radical feminist."
 ,"It could be worse" applied as an argument against doing better is a sure way to spot a shitty person. To translate what they really say: "IDGAF!!".
 ,The notion of "Others have it worse so you shouldn't complain" is so stupid. Yes some people have horrible lives that no one would want to endure. That doesn't mean your problems aren't real and that doesn't mean your situation cannot get better. So the idea that people should just be glad for what they have and therefore not try to improve their situations is idiotic. Because it could get a lot better as well. Nothing would improve with that mentality.
 ,It's true. Things could always be worse. But that being said things could be better too. Never stop moving forward. 
 ,that's the same thing as saying African children don't bread as they will get hungry anyways! It's our moral duty to do the best we can to spread awareness so that those in 3rd world countries may learn by our example!
 ,It's the time honored tradition of saying whatever they need to to keep us in "our place" which is really just the small little place they have carved out for us so men can have the rest.  Some women have been indoctrinated such that they believe women do not deserve more but don't let their oppression be contagious.  
 ,Everytime I hear this argument I wanna say "So just because someone else's house is dirtier you will never clean yours?"
 ,WAIT I'VE BEEN SAYING THIS FOR AGES!Also hate that underlying "see? you could have it worse so you should be Grateful to men for what we **haven't done** because we could totally treat you worse if we wanted! Also here's some light racism/ imperialism!"
 ,The fact that there are worse things happening is exactly why things have to change world wide. 
 ,The "we don't need to fix things because they used to be worse" argument is one of the dumbest in existence. The right eats it right up though. 
 ,Whenever I hear a guy mention how it’s always western women who push for feminism I always respond with “cause we are the only ones who can”. If I lived in any of those other countries I would be beaten and killed for my views. Of course I’m going to advocate for feminism not just for me but for all the other women who can’t speak up without risking their lives. 
 ,What they fail to understand is that feminism is why it's better to be a woman in some places than others. Evidently women's rights weren't fought for and men just gave it to them out of the goodness og their hearts. 
 ,"It could be worse" is all very well when you're trying to look on the bright side. This sounds like it's closer to a threat...I've had that before. I forget the context but it was along the lines of "you did this annoying or borderline harmful thing" to which they responded "I could have done this more harmful thing instead". I can't imagine saying that without it being a threat.Or ironically. I don't bet against irony. 
 ,People want to bully us into not being feminists all the time. The argument for not needing feminism in 1st world countries always baffles me. If we still have severe oppression of women and girls in third world countries then we STILL need feminism in first world countries. We are the people who can help make a change. 
 ,So Muslim countries oppress women. That’s what I got from this. 
 ,Your problems dont matter unless you're literally the person worst off in the entire world at this exact moment.
 ,It's pretty much a whole shitload of r/gatekeeping
 ,I agree. I would like change to be made so there is no "worse alternative"
 ,I've always hated the "it could be worse so count your blessings" mindset mainly because it is such a slippery slope. It sometimes starts in an "ok" place but taken to its conclusion it becomes extremely defeatist and disturbing. 
 ,*Image Transcription: Tumblr Post*---**anthropkilla:**> **pocketfulofsterek:**> You know how 1st world feminist get told that they don't need feminism?>> They're told that they should be glad they're not "really oppressed" like the>> women in 3rd world countries. That things could always be worse.>>> You know what my mother tells me? She says I don't need feminism>> because I should be glad I'm born in an urban city of Pakistan. She says>> at least I wasn't born in a rural area where girls are married off to men>> twice their age. That things could always be worse.>> And our house maid Shabana who was married to her uncle at 15 and>> at 18 has 2 children she doesn't even know what feminism is. She was>> told by her father that she should be glad her husband doesn't beat her>> and hasn't thrown tehzaab (acid) at her. That things could always be worse.>>> Am I the only one seeing a very disturbing pattern here?Ohh damnnnSource: pocketfulofsterek---^^I'm&#32;a&#32;human&#32;volunteer&#32;content&#32;transcriber&#32;for&#32;Reddit&#32;and&#32;you&#32;could&#32;be&#32;too!&#32;[If&#32;&#32;you'd&#32;like&#32;more&#32;information&#32;on&#32;what&#32;we&#32;do&#32;and&#32;why&#32;we&#32;do&#32;it&#32;click&#32;here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/TranscribersOfReddit/wiki/index)
 ,How did she marry her uncle ? that's forbidden in Islam
 ,That woman is brave and does not deserve to go to jail. I hope she is okay. I hope one day everyone will be allowed to make their own choices for themselves and have those choices be respected
 ,Meg you have kind of a fixation with Islam based on your post history. The right take away from all of this isn't to match intolerance with more intolerance. A lack of freedom and systemic oppression is the problem behind forced veiling not the fabric itself... not the makeup itself not the hair on your armpits that men decide is disgusting themselves not the car you are not allowed to drive and so on. 
 ,Oh my God of course it's not your fault! This guy is a massive creep wtf is he doing? What a horrible host and a horrible human being. I'm glad you're safe. Tell the victim blamers to piss off. You are 100% right he's disgusting report him to Airbnb if you haven't already 
 ,Sending virtual hugs. Hope you feel safe now. You are definitely not to be blamed here. You definitely acted more rational than I could ever do. Good luck.♥️
 ,He shouldnt have been trying to seduce his own Airbnb guest in the first place. He sounds like a nightmare. Sorry you had to go through that 
 ,Report this man because I use Airbnb and I would not want this either what he did is really bad I am also sending virtual hugs!!!! 
 ,It's definitely not your fault. You were coerced and forced into doing things you didn't want to do and you were in serious danger when he came into your room asking for a kiss and not going away when he heard the answer was "no". People can be assholes but if you feel violated no one can tell you that you shouldn't feel that way. Hope everything's okay now :) 
 ,Fascinating. Have never considered this approach.
 ,Brilliant!
 ,Woman are amazing 
 ,He wasn't trying to discredit her he was wondering if she was capable of her job.
 ,[deleted]
 ,The hijab is a symbol of oppression 
 ,I find it pretty disturbing to see bans and downvotes against people defending veiling or pointing out that this OP is right wing propaganda. It reveals the people here claiming the title feminist haven't given much thought to how religion functions in society or what the outcomes of stigmatizing minorities are. .As feminists we should **all be on the same side** which is that forced actions or dress aren't ok. None of us here (I hope) support forced anything. But spreading right wing attitudes and focusing on religion as some alien and external force in the world is not going to liberate women..I'd ask you all to imagine a world of full veil stigmatization potentially a ban or other social prohibition do you notice how all of the same problems exist in this world? You don't conquer sexism by going after a piece of fabric.
 ,women... can vote?
 ,I love this format so much lol and thanks for letting me know I gotta check out some more history memes 
 ,[removed]
 ,Dude has issues.
 ,I don't care what kind of shorts you wear you don't deserve to be called trash. Don't take it in and know your father is not right on this.
 ,I mean  what are your options?  Do you have a mom?? 
 ,You should tell him that a father who calls a daughter trash is the definition of a bad parent.Obviously don't actually say that but know it in your heart. Your father has some very deep misconceptions and is pinning all of his insecurities on you instead of working on them and growing up.You are just fine shorts are normal. And your father is a bad parent.
 ,What the fuck. If your dad and girlfriend truly think it's "trashy" to wear perfectly normal shorts around the house thats very telling of their character. Are they afraid your father looks at you inappropriately when youre dressed like that or something? It's so disturbing that they would find that trashy. Be careful.
 ,That's pretty crappy. Sorry OP that you have to go through this. That's so shitty
 ,[deleted]
 ,"rightminds.nz?"   Seriously??
 ,Hi New Zealander here. I’d just like to mention to anyone reading this that rightminds.nz is a notoriously right wing conservative and controversial website and should not be considered as actual news. The creator of the website describes himself as “I’m the first of a new breed of young gun-totin’ Bible-bashin’ conservative family men fighting against left-wing regressives. Either that or I’m making a heroic last stand for freedom as the sun sets on Christian civilisation.You can find more of me on Right Minds NZ.”Please to anyone reading this take it with a grain of salt.Of course not every person in NZ supports the Prime Ministers decision to wear a headscarf it would be silly to claim so. But it is ridiculous to claim that most are it as insensitive.I can tell you as someone who attended  ceremonies to remember the people who lost their lives in the Christchurch mosque attacks that the overwhelming consensus is that wearing a headscarf around the grieving Muslim families was and is a sign of respect to their culture and that the Muslim community were consulted about the decision before it happened and were continued to be consulted as more and more wore headscarf’s to show support and solidarity.What happened it Christchurch was an awful tragic event and I’m honestly so sick of seeing people use it to push their islamaphobic agenda as “news”.
 ,Correct me if I'm wrong but wasn't part of the reason she wore it because she couldn't go into mosques that day without it?
 ,People don't necessarily deny it's existence... It's the "why" that we can't agree upon. And how it's calculated.
 ,I hate the arguments that 'women pick lower paying jobs' like they weren't encouraged down those paths or told they weren't good enough to do others or never got the same opportunity to try those things 
 ,Hello trolls please read r/economics faq on the wage gap and why you shouldn't control for occupation.  [https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/wiki/faq\_genderwagegap](https://www.reddit.com/r/Economics/wiki/faq_genderwagegap) 
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[deleted]
 ,Here is my two cents on the matter:* Most discussions (on reddit) where pay gap is mentioned a lot of mostly men ask how the 077 cents is calculated and how to "prove" it. But instead of answering the question people tend to respond by being enraged/downvoting/flaming the men who asks these kind of questions; i.e.: "wow it's 2019 and you don't know about gender gap?! go read a book"* Gender pay gap is more of a local issue than what most people think of. I read a couple months ago a thesis about pay gap in Brazil possible reasonings for it and it's VERY different from the issue presented in America.
 ,What does the article mean that "Nearly Half of Men Believe the Gender Pay Gap is 'Made Up'"? Of course we believe it's made up. It is made up!&#x200B;The calculation of the pay gap is ludicrous. Do people realize in 1st world countries and some 3rd world it's illegal to pay someone differently based on their gender sexual preference or so other?&#x200B;The only reason this so called "pay gap" exists is because of the minsinfomed people who believe and feed into the studies done to push agendas and attract attention to an issue that doesn't exist.&#x200B;The "pay gap" doesn't take into account the difference in hours worked the difference in days worked the difference in experience the difference in jobs worked and alot more. &#x200B;Now when I say this next statement I'm not being sexist I'm being factual. On average women are more inclined to the less physically required jobs whereas men on averageare more inclined to go for the more physically demanding jobs.&#x200B;There's alot more information on this "pay gap" myth that I won't dwelve into but the already existing arguments that support it are futile and ignorant. 
 ,There is no wage gap due to some arbitrary sexism that "women deserve less money." There is however an earnings deficit across the board but there is nothing inherently wrong with that. If women want higher paying jobs just go for it. Give a better resume than the guy.Women are more and more becoming "breadwinners" in their families. 
 ,One big issue is that "pay gap" and "wage gap" are often used interchangeably by lay(wo)men but they are not interchangable things.A wage gap for the same job is a bad thing.A pay gap -- not necessarily. 
 ,I'm surprised it's only 1/2 of men considering it's true.
 ,Hahahaha
 ,Just saying but while it’s not made up there is good reason for it most of the time.
 ,This just shows how dumb men are. 54% of them got the answer wrong.
 ,[removed]
 ,1. Hours worked2. Position3. Did you do extra work (not demanded by your position)4. Do you have a side job5. Is your work the exact same quality
 ,It is. At least not for the same job. 
 ,It is made up.. 
 ,Even a large number of economic researchers find that it is made up.Edit: number
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,I don't think this has any factual evidence
 ,Wow no privacy at all damn
 ,I'm sorry that happened. What an asshole.
 ,>He then told me that I was beautiful and that at least he was honest when asking me to come back to his room because some guys would be creepy. It's weird to me when men think that them being aggressive is better than them being a passive admirer. One of the biggest fears with creepy men is that they will turn aggressive like this. Also his behavior is still creepy. 
 ,Ugh I hate that. Women aren’t obligated to give men attention because they want it. We have thoughts and feelings of our own. We’re not objects. We can do whatever we want and do it proudly. It’s not mean to not want sex. It means we’re not interested in a disgusting meat bag like you. So kindly get the heck out of our lives please and thanks 🙃
 ,Something similar happened to me a few months ago. I’m so sorry this happened to you it’s so invasive and predatory. 
 ,i’m really annoyed on your behalf. You were very clear and some losers can’t seem to take a hint. you were just trying to get dinner and get back to work. I’m mostly annoyed that the other guy with this harasser did absolutely fuck-all to help you out. that’s super embarrassing. in situations like this men who are friends with men who treat women like this have real power to intervene and mitigate their behavior. Frustrating that men who act like this don’t listen to women when they say no and yet it’s possible he would have listened to his friend a man. but from your story it sounds like the other guy did nothing! this is why men need to intervene when their friends are acting like assholes to women. I’ve had this happen to me before and when my SO shows up at the bar the guy harassing ME ends up apologizing to HIM. wtf??My SO always says the same thing: “apologize to HER. she’s a person and you were bothering HER not me.”Usually only then will he begrudgingly mutter “sorry” and won’t meet my eye.TL;DR leave women alone! and if you see your friend making moves on someone who isn’t interested intervene!
 ,Very sorry you met an asshole. Or two assholes to be precise.I really do not understand people like this. They are a special kind of people who are usually salesman for some reason. They can not take no for an answer and try to convince people. Most horrible is when they are the feely touchy type who have no sense of personal space or emphathy in general.
 ,You are correct  this is downright harassment and really creepy.  I recommend having a pocket knife on your person incase something bad happens  there's some real creeps out there. 
 ,> He then told me that I was beautiful and that at least he was honest when asking me to come back to his room because some guys would be creepy.....Fuck every single guy like this hard and right in the ass. 
 ,Ugh. I'm so sorry. You were FAR more civil than it had any right to expect.
 ,I appreciate all of the support of this. It makes me want to keep writing about my travels for my job I’m sure I’ll run into something like this again.. stay tuned 😂 
 ,THANK YOU. 
 ,What an absolute creep. So sorry you had this experience ugh. Those guys (both of them) were creeps and jerks. His buddy is not free from blame - he should have recognised how creepy his friend was being and tried to stop him. 
 ,[removed]
 ,I don't listen to trump anyway
 ,Why would I listen to them about anything? I'm not sure why readers of Counterpunch need to be told not to defer to the ruling class. 
 ,That sucks how it is dismissed easily for women.
 ,how is this related to feminism? Who is dismissing it? Lots of illnesses are dismissed. So what you are saying is that since testicular cancer affects males and it is generally overlooked so now it's sexist? A disease being overlooked has nothing to do with gender rights.
 ,[removed]
 ,The woman concerned has learning difficulties that are deteriorating and social workers believe she no longer has the capacity to consent to sex. Lawyers have suggested that the court might consider barring the man from having sex with his wife so she is not raped and he has offered an undertaking not to have sex with her. The judge said "I cannot think of any more obviously fundamental human right than the right of a man to have sex with his wife - and the state to monitor that. I think he is entitled to have it properly argued."
 ,It just seems wrong that a court order might come down where she has to just lay down and take it even without understanding the situation. That’s not truly what they’re going to decide but that’s what the judge is essentially saying. If your partner wants it it’s their right to have it on demand. That is what he’s saying; or at least what I’m interpreting. That just feels slimily erroneous.
 ,The judge's comments notwithstanding this is an area where the law should be clearer. This lady's human rights include the freedom to express herself sexually even in the context of learning difficulties. This becomes difficult when she may start to lose the mental capacity to consent to sex. Ordinarily we would say no consent equals no sex right? Imagine a situation where expressing your sexuality physically with your partner of several decades was something you really enjoyed. Due to an illness many other previous little comforts like your work and hobbies have been given up. You may express that desire by getting into bed and initiating sex with your husband. Your social worker has suggested that as you now cannot understand the concept of consent to sex your husband will be a rapist if he has sex with you.You may be very confused and upset that physical contact and sexual expression you enjoy and desire are now denied to you as your husband has said to the court he will not have sex with you in case it is rape.Alternatively this could be dealt with informally. Your husband knows you and what your wants and needs are. He would presumably be able to recognise distress or reluctance to have sex and then stop. This presupposes that the husband is caring empathetic and understanding of consent himself which may not be the case is 100% of marriages.Situations occur everyday where partners are unable to give consent in the immediate short term e.g. kink play involving gagging restraint sex during sleep. Partners should be able to work out the rules and red flags in advance.An advanced directive or a lasting power of attorney could deal with this situation if the wife had sufficient capacity to grant one. Welfare guardianship appointed by the court could also do the same. I don't think there is a legal precedent for this legislation to be applied to matters of sexual consent but I can't see a legal reason why it could not be in order to safeguard the rights of this woman. Obviously this would become unwieldy if the welfare attorney or guardian was anyone other than the husband.I think this judge was very wrong to focus on the husband's right to have sex with his wife no such right exists in law and to frame the discussion this way is morally repugnant. A discussion focussed on the right of the partner lacking capacity to consent and the right of the couple to private and family life is where the attention needs to be.(Edit: I can't believe my first gold comment is me mansplaining capacity and consent on /r/Feminism!)
 ,A sexist dude-bro judge batting for the husbands' rights to rape is not a surprising thing not at all. To some rapists their wives are their permanent victims.
 ,I think everyone here is agreed that the judge is an asshole but one thing about this case that concerns me is that it seems like the woman's agency is effectively being revoked here.Of course without knowing the specifics it's hard to say but determining that she can never have sex again because of her learning disability seems pretty fucked up to me. I'd really like to know where it is that this line is being drawn.
 ,This has a lot of facets not covered by the brief article. I read it and I think the man is voluntarily willing to agree not to have sex with her. The social workers have made a case predicated upon their belief that she cannot consent. Does that imply that she might be removed from her home and not be allowed to live with her husband? I don't like what the judge says nor do I like the idea of splitting the couple up. A descent person whose spouse developed dementia isn't going to have coercive sex with them. If there's any indication this man will it should be introduced as evidence. If the woman is happy safe and loved she should be in her own home. This just brought up a lot of questions for me.The judges words do sound ridiculous. No one has a right to my body but me. 
 ,I feel like this article misunderstands the law quite a bit.  The judge is partly interested in the violation of privacy this would entail.  I think if the court deems the woman to be at risk they'll be tactically calling the man a predator.  Once you've crossed that line you'll need to consider removing the woman for her safety.  Did she actually marry someone who cannot be trusted to care for her?  Or is it just the childlike nature of her calling into question if she should be treated in all ways as a minor?  Wouldn't this lead to all mentally incapacitated people being removed from their spouses?It's these long-con style questions that the law is beholden to consider.  The details of the case could have real evidence that he's using her in a horrible manner but the case should turn on those details not merely a lack of capacity.
 ,So clearly women aren't humans since apparently only men have rights to decide what is done to or with human bodies.
 ,Reminds me of a guy in my home town ex town councillor got a mentally disabled girl he was caring for (not sure of age less than 17 as she was still in school uniform) pregnant he was about 75 at the time.Family just took some cash married her off to him and as far as I know she's still being abused but is just over half my age and you'd think she was considerably older than me given how she's broken down over time. He has two kids by her I'd be surprised if she understood consent at the start or had any choice in any of it...
 ,This ought to be on r/trashy 
 ,In England and Wales issues connected to mental capacity are dealt with in the Court of Protection. It used to be centralised in a London court with a wise and experienced senior judge overseeing everything but within the last 5 years the cases have been increasingly been sent to regional courts and the senior judge retired. A new senior judge took up the position but the whole court structure has changed.This case is a very delicate subject not only because it's a private intimate relationship but also because of the human rights of those involved. If the woman is no longer able to understand consent the court needs to consider whether it's in her best interests to allow the status quo to remain or whether there needs to be some kind of change in order to safeguard her. Fluctuating capacity which was mentioned in another comment is another matter entirely and each case needs to be handled on its own circumstances. I'd expect the court to do the right thing by the woman as she's central to this. It's highly unlikely that they'd prioritise her husband's sexual desires  as that contradicts the legal framework that's in place to protect vulnerable people. 
 ,Last I checked a fundamental human right is freedom for the wife to say no
 ,Marital rape is already illegal. Why does the judge need to make a judgement that says this married couple can never have sex. 
 ,Isn't not getting raped a fucking fundamental right?!
 ,A woman always has the right to say no at any point and that no should better be heeded. Unable to consent due to cognitive decline means it would be rape husband or not.
 ,Eh wot
 ,Fuck. Just fucking Christ - how can such a medieval concept still exist. Marriage was originally a property transaction - 500 years ago! Shit like this makes my blood.  
 ,What about her right? Why do a man's right get put over a woman's right because it is "a natural" thing for a man to do?
 ,Utterly disgusting 
 ,Just.. just fuck you? 
 ,[removed]
 ,I don’t think the judge is saying that this man should be able to have sex with his wife at will. I think he is saying that it is not the place of the state to ban sex between a husband and wife. For good reason to how would it even be possible to enforce that ban. Furthermore what if her condition improves and she does consent. Do they need to go back to court to reevaluate.
 ,Doesn't surprise me at all. Caring about the environment has been seen as wimpy or feminine for a while. Guys have been made fun of for driving hybrids while it was seen as "manly" to talk about how you don't give a shit about your car's downright unreasonable gas mileage. Good to have an actual study with some numbers to back this up.
 ,Recently out lesbian here.Internalized misogyny I believe plays strongly into this in that it tells women they should consider any sex drive they do have shameful.  That they should just be passively present to respond to the sex drive of men. Fuck. That. Noise.When I was with men before realizing the gay I got a lot of commentary on how sexual I was. It was a mix of "I'm not complaining but this isn't normal".  Frankly it was disgusting that men felt the need and right to comment that my sexuality was too strong.  It walked a line between slut shaming and fetishization.  It's a big social lie it's poisonous and it creates a lot of shame and repression for people.  If we're going to be having any conversation on sex drive it should be about ensuring that the way people act on their sex drive is ethical and respectful of other humans.  We should be discussing poorly executed and toxic sex drive not what sex/ gender are permitted to have a sex drive. 
 ,High low as long as the woman feels fine with it all sex drives should be embraced. We should not shame anyone for their consensual desires but I think it's just as damaging to portray lots of sex as something all women ought to have. Sexual pressure is poisonous. That works both ways-- pressure to be more or less sexual than one wishes is equally damaging.
 ,I have always had the opposite experience getting berated for not having a high sex drive because well "everyone loves sex right?!". No no not everyone. And that's ok. We all deserve to have our preferences respected. Stereotypes are not helpful. 
 ,I think both male and female sex drives vary in intensity to a great degree but focus on completely different things. Testosterone stimulates you with images estrogen stimulates you with sensations. At least from my experience as a trans woman. I don't expect hot body pics to do as much for women as they do for men like I don't expect erotic novels to do as much for men as they do for women.
 ,We're not allowed to have nor talk about our sex drives why do you think they'd make material for us easily accessible? 
 ,This thread/post is really old but I just want to say you are right.As a young man myself who never dated or kissed or anything this imbalance of perception around attraction kinda fucked me up for a while because if women have zero interest they won’t and can’t get turned on/interested... and hypothetically if you’re not interested and someone else is then that’s not mutual... It’s actually kinda creepy/gross if it’s only one-way in romantic or sexual situations.Without balance any interest a guy has in a woman is one-way. So it’s an imposition and it feels really creepy to impose like that.Now that I am slowly starting to realize the extent to which women are interested back I feel I can breathe easier.Also rather than feeling like a perv for being interested in anybody I can realize that everybody else are checking people out all day just discreetly. And I don’t feel bad about that. And if a woman actually asked me out I wouldn’t be so shocked now. I would probably need to work up to actually going on dates (I’m a bit repressed if you can’t tell I admit that) but like I would not be weirded out anymore.I think this default assumption does a lot of harm to guys because it tells them that no potential scenario involves the woman being interested so any romantic/sexual relationship is at their (the man’s) initiative not the woman’s... That she doesn’t care so it’s just about getting her to say yes. (That’s rape culture in a nutshell.)It took me believing strongly in the standard of affirmative/enthusiastic consent in relationships before I got comfortable with the thought of women being interested... (why work so hard to defend a woman’s right to require enthusiastic consent before sex if no woman would ever be enthused or would consent in the first place? That logic stopped making sense after a while. Defending it made me confront that women’s desire is real first of all. And second of all if I didn’t really deeply get the implications this has at first then I needed to rethink it until I did. If you seek this information out there are women on the internet talking about how hey actually they do like checking out guys and why can’t they be open about it? So yes I do feel like I get it now or am a long way on my journey toward deep understanding.)So for guys this is huge and acknowledging what you say in your post can help cure “rape culture” assumptions that men have about women. It is really a huge thing for relationships. And if a man can identify with women more because everyone is attracted to someone you can’t judge them for wearing certain outfits or drinking etc. They are just trying to get some! Or be flirty and have fun out! (Or just look nice for themselves I don’t care why you dress a certain way but I find my inner monologue judges people a lot less now.) Like any guy would! Really what is there left to judge at that point? So I think this is huge at risk of repeating myself. A really big deal for sure.I think it helps you see shades of gray too. Like not every girl/woman that is into somebody is a “ho” she is probably average and normal. A girl/woman who isn’t into a lot of people probably still experiences some desire at some point (unless she’s 100% asexual which is fine). A girl/woman who is really actively interested in romance/sex honestly this should be easy to relate to as a guy since we are all supposedly like that ourselves. What is so confusing about that? We know what that is like or have seen it in a guy. We are all the same species. What is so confusing?
 ,I think the misconception for men comes from woman being more selective when it is about sexual partners.Most average single guys would come with almost any woman if they offered sex right at the spot. (There are some videos on youtube with stuff like that the girls here are unfortunately always quite pretty would really like to have it done with someone less attractive.) My guess: if a guy is single and alone (no people he knows around him) at the moment when asked it would be a 80%+ success rate for any average woman.Because woman would usually not do that men think they don't want to have sex as much as they want.
 ,I guess this is because many (single) men would sleep with almost any woman who would just blatently asked instantly.Since (most) woman would not do that they think that their sex drive is lesser than theirs.Logical at first sight.
 ,[removed]
 ,Correct me if I'm wrong but they've always done this.
 ,It seems that there is some confusion about our posting rules - in particular #3: **Promoting regressive agendas is not permitted**Endorsing/defending misogynistic practices and ideologies of any kind is a serious infringement of our rules and it will be met with harsh moderator action.***To expand:Amartya Sen in "Development as Freedom" regarding lack of substantive freedoms: our individual agency is inextricably tied to and “constrained by the social political and economic opportunities that are available to us” and that we must recognize the “force of social influences on the extent and reach of individual freedom” or our autonomy (Sen 1999: xi-xii). Without the basic freedoms a person is not able to fully exercise his or her opportunities to live a full and valued life. With these freedoms in place a person can exercise her agency in determining the scope and direction of her life including participation in a clinical trial. Further Sen focuses on “substantive freedoms” as key to relieving poverty and other challenges that people in poor countries face. He notes that besides poverty “tyranny poor economic opportunities … social deprivation” are “major sources of unfreedom” (Sen 1999: 3). Sen identifies five types of freedoms that he views as “instrumental” (Sen 1999: 10). These include “political freedoms” “economical facilities” “social opportunities” “transparency guarantees” and “protective security”.Noam Chomsky on economic relations (labor) infringing on human rights: "Human rights are rooted in human nature and we violate fundamental human rights when people are forced to be slaves [...] servants of external power subjected to systems of authority and domination manipulated and controlled "for their own good".Kathleen Barry on the moral possibility of consent to abuse of rights: [consent is not a] “good divining rod as to the existence of oppression and consent to violation is a fact of oppression. Oppression cannot effectively be gauged according to the degree of “consent” since even in slavery there was some consent if consent is defined as inability to see any alternative.Marwa Berro on positive adherence to oppressive doctrines: positive adherence to modesty doctrine in the presence of social sanction and encouragement is only to be expected. Conforming to an extant social norm and feeling free and empowered to do so is not only entirely possible in the presence of systemic constraint but encouraged and enabled by it. Especially if it is adherence within a fold that has no truck with outsiders (eg particularly insular communities). Because while those who choose to conform are visible those who are not free to dissent are not. Looking at the woman who insists she wasn’t made to conform tells you nothing about the woman who didn’t want to conform and hasn’t anything resembling the visibility to say so.***In short: please do not fetishize consent and purported free choice while also disregarding necessary moral considerations (based on the necessity of modern fundamental human rights). Such low-effort comments will be summarily removed.
 ,The original cartoon had different text though. It was: "Everything covered but her eyes what a cruel male-dominated culture!""Nothing covered but her eyes what a cruel male-dominated culture!"Original is better imo. &#x200B;
 ,Thank you so much for bringing this up. I grew up in the Middle East and this always bothered me. Having said that I do understand that tackling this situation is very difficult on a lot of levels. As someone who grew up there it bothered me when nobody would question my friends' parents for beating them for not wearing their niqabs and hijabs but at the same time it's dangerous for people to protest that. I think that it should be a choice for women to wear them but they shouldn't be punished for choosing not to wear it. But I also think that the scale of activism needs to come from within the community. Having it come from an outside source could definitely seem like their culture is being disrespected. I don't know I don't know what the perfect balance would look like. 
 ,[deleted]
 ,As a woman who grew up Muslim I can tell you that the hijab/burka/nikab/etc. is used to oppress Muslim women 99% of the time. It’s very rare that a Muslim woman wears one of her own complete free will without threats or pressure INCLUDING in the West. There are many Muslim women in the West who have been murdered beaten and abused if they don’t cover up (or do what they’re told to do in general). 
 ,The original cartoon troubles me because it equivocates Western preference for women’s dress with Sharia coercion of women’s dress.Before we say the West’s treatment of women is no better than Sharia law we should ask: “what would be the consequence of these two women refusing to dress that way?”For the Western woman maybe less attention from the men who happen to be around. For the Sharia law woman public flogging or jail time. I don’t think it’s fair to say these are both the same “oppression.”
 ,I'm a young dude from Mumbai. In summer the temperatures hit 40 degrees celsius this time and I'm wearing a thin cotton shirt and jeans. It's a very scorching heatwave in the south asian subcontinent. Then I saw many muslim women and girls as young as 6 yrs completely covered in hijab in heatwave. I knew none of them would ever worn it voluntarily. I felt so bad and teared up a little knowing that I couldn't do anything to help them. 
 ,Yeah. I think the intention has good roots - acceptance looking for the good side of the others. But this has very immediate implications: many/all religious ideologies oppress women and other social minorities. "Cultural sensitivity"/misunderstood tolerance can pave the way for a lot of suffering. Sure let us avoid forever the horrors of religious intolerance (the "West" has suffered enough itself due to it - most of it was self inflicted of course). But this should not help perpetuate the oppression of women.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,It’s not like the hijab and other forms of covering in the Middle East aren’t disliked by anyone in the Middle East. One of my favourite movies of all time is Persepolis and it talks about the Iranian Revolution and how many many women protested the forced wearing of hijabs. People who say that women in the Middle East aren’t oppressed by these pieces of clothing haven’t really read the struggles of women in these countries fighting against it. Women have lost their lives trying to fight for their freedom to not wear a hijab. 
 ,there is no choice under patriarchy! 
 ,[deleted]
 ,Well this particular edited comic is definitely normalizing oppression. When hijabs and burkahs are nothing more than fashion statements and people only wear them for to vaguely "look good" then we can talk about how these two things are equal. But context matters and we don't live in that world yet.
 ,I used to live in Saudi Arabia and am married to an Egyptian. Fuck hijabs and abayas and niqabs. Unless it is 100% voluntary-- but that is so rare so so rare-- even if it is by choice and is only about personal belief how messed up is it that your personal belief is basically that your God wants you to be covered up uncomfortably so just because you are a woman?Here's a fun fact that hardly anyone talks about: hijabs and abayas PRE-DATE Islam-- by a LONG time!! It was written into ancient Assyrian law that women must be covered and only prostitutes were to be uncovered--both by force-- and if a prostitute were to cover themselves they would be beaten or killed just as if a married woman were to go uncovered they would face the same punishment. It was also written into law- all these laws that you can still read on a slab today thanks to museum preservation- that if a woman were to speak out of turn she should have her teeth smashed by a brick.Hijabs were adopted by Islam but have much earlier origins and those origins are at least as oppressive and sexist as ISIS or the Taliban- but likely much worse!
 ,I think one issue that people tend to skim over seems to be that despite the fact that many women do choose to cover up modesty ideologies in any world religion always stem from sexism. There is no escaping that fact. I would have no issue with the idea of hijab if it wasn’t gendered but it is and I have yet to see a convincing argument rationalising that.I think its important that the action comes from within Muslim communities and from Muslim women and tolerance should be 100% respected But the attempt at the adoption of hijab as a feminist symbol is overkill and complete and utter bullshit. Religious tolerance is important that doesn’t change the fact that most religions are sexist. The right to choose is important but not all choices have to be regarded as feminist choices.
 ,[deleted]
 ,Defending the burqa is not a good way to support muslim women.
 ,The fact that OP was second-guessing whether the woman in a burka/niqab is free to choose is telling. Asking questions like this is being equated with islamophobia these days and women who are trying to stand up against purity/modesty culture are being denied the support they need- and they need our support; refusing to be "modest" can get you killed/raped
 ,Wow  I never realized it. I actually do have a friend that loves wearing her hijab  but only when she doesn't feel forced to do so.  From what I've observed majority of the Muslim girls I know feel like they are being forced to wear it  they get criticized from other people when they don't  even under very hot conditions where wearing it isn't very desirable. 
 ,Many feminists who defend those religious clothes never went in countries where they are really worn by most of the women. The result is always a radical rise of sexual harassment. Al-ways. Every-where. I went in a dozen of muslim countries including Egypt UAE and other like Bosnia where women do not wear the hijab. The difference is aboslutly obvious. Please do not compare sexual harassment in the West and in countries like Egypt it's a thousand time worst really. The more women are "covered" the more every "uncovered" part of your body looks like a sexual invitation. In a culture where boys and girls are told to avoid each others it creates a time bomb in many masculine minds. The so-called "modest" fashion is a tool of radical opression. It's used to shame women of themselves to shame their bodies to shame their natural feelings."Religious" freedom is far from being an emergency. Women's rights and equality need less religions not  more. Of course it's not about baning religions. It's about concentrating the efforts on the right topic. And the abrahamic deeply sexist and homophobic religious ideologies are not a right topic. What would american feminists would think if we started to support alt right conservative against abortion women of your culture in the name of "freedom"? Wouldn't you feel betrayed? Wouldn't you feel sad and alone ?  Western women are lucky to live where they are. They are more lucky than most women in the world. So please talk about it. Don't try to be our "equal" while your life is definitly better. We don't need your "equality" we need "equality" here where we are!   
 ,>But all it made me think was: does she really have a choice. Muslim women in the west doNo they don't have that much freedom they're still pressured to confirm the stereotype of Muslim women that is hold by many gullible westerners and don't forget about family pressures. Family members especially husbands brothels fathers still have the ability to force women. There is an excellent piece by Taslima Nasreen: https://freethoughtblogs.com/taslima/2019/02/09/world-hizab-day/
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,It's extremely difficult for us (by us I mean people living in the west) to discuss such topics. It's a different culture with different beliefs & history so the change definitely has to come from within it. That said the way you feel is the way most of us feel (me included) and it's completely understandable. Again the environment we grew in is pretty different after all.  Imo you are also bringing up a fair point. But I think that at the end of the day in order to avoid any problems that two different world views might bring up we need to sit down and let them speak & act for themselves.
 ,Most abrahamic religions (and many others) oppress women but only focusing on the oppression of women from one religion is oppressive.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,Yes we are! 
 ,[removed]
 ,The design museum in the city I live in  is hosting an exhibition on "contemporary muslim fashion". Last year it was curated in Teheran.Yeah one might think "Oh great a variety of hijabs and niqabs and whatever! And the designers are the proof that muslim women aren't oppressed!"But I think it veils (haha) the oppression women in conservative islamic communities even in the west have to face. You're taught that you definitely have to wear a headscarf because otherwise you're impure and a slut and it's basically your own fault if men don't respect your bodily autonomy. Just because your Hijab is colourful it's still an instrument of patriarchal oppression.
 ,I love your last line i am going to use that. Thx
 ,[removed]
 ,Ding ding ding ding!!
 ,Interesting PERSPECTIVE you have. To me it seemed we are women (insert: human) we are where we are because this is the world we are born to. We didn’t get to choose where we were born what our back story is why we look and act the way each and every one of us do how each has developed from her own unique yet identifiable narrative that the differences between us lie only in physical form yet our physical form at its purest is yet again all the exact same thing originating from the same spot in the universe and so it’s ok if one person is naked and another is clothed. Physicality does not define ones spirit and the thought process which it may possess or their PERSPECTIVE; the only thing you actually know.
 ,Also they are depicted as both superficial b\*tches no matter what they wear :/
 ,Oh please stfu 
 ,We don't hesitate to criticize Christianity for homophobia and sexism so I see no reason to make a special exception here. You can criticize aspects of a religion without being intolerant of the religion or people who follow it.
 ,I am living with this shari laws as u sayand it’s a complete mess at all.The government make every women wear hijab stuff and even men aren’t allowed to wear t-shirts in university. Also if u get caught dating with a girl by police or some other groups called “basij” they”ll charge u.
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,"My boyfriend and all his loserness" lmao😂