 ,Wow what a looney rag that New Zealand paper is.  Re: the original article.
 ,replace shootings with bombings
 ,Yes these are equally stupid headlines.
 ,Waiting for NZ prime minister to be photographed wearing a crucifix and be posted a million times.
 ,Muslims bomb churches and hotels kill 300. Muslims hardest hit.
 ,This is gonna catch sum flak bois
 ,Common do you seriously believe any rational Muslim/Christian believes its the entire RACE of a people when a group or single fanatic is at hand... This interpretation is in line with same yellow journalism we get so upset about.&#x200B;Please my friends let us embrace rational and mindful thought and maybe our discourse can evolve from this tribalism nonsense that is drowning us...
 ,Has anyone tried posting this in one of the super left subs and see what BS excuses they come up with for disagreeing with it?
 ,Clever
 ,You're right that sounds like the Greek gods they would vote democrat. :3
 ,I fucking love Ben Shapiro.
 ,I get the impression the Devil *might* have a political party.
 ,I have a cousin that believes all prisoners should be able to vote because she watched some shitty Netflix show and thinks 99% of prisoners are innocent.
 ,That logic doesn't really apply.. Jesus would want open borders free medical care as well as no firearms being the pacifist he was. In reality he would be a mix of both parties. We have to remember there is no "correct" party. Just different viewpoints.
 ,Also he's not overly fond of islam.
 ,“Abolition of sex”?  I’m pretty sure Republicans aren’t endorsing a sexual free-for-all either.  What does he mean here?And considering the kind of person Jesus was I don’t think he’d belong to a party that endorsed the death penalty or the endless pursuit of wealth either. I’m pretty sure God thinks all our parties could use some adjusting.
 ,Ben Shapiro the hero we don’t deserve but the hero we need.
 ,Pappa Shapiro at it again
 ,Wow I totally missed the "wouldn't" and thought it said "would." Jesus me.
 ,Shots fired
 ,This man speaks straight facts
 ,Ben wins the internet!
 ,I doubt he'd be on the side of people who mutilate little boys either.
 ,[deleted]
 ,But God doesn’t have a partyBecause there isn’t a GodAnd that shouldn’t even be a consideration in the law right or left
 ,Ben Shapiro: <in a million more words per minute with a deviated-whiney-septum 5'7" voice > How DARE you accuse all people of racism because of the actions of a few!Also Ben Shapiro: Everyone is an anti-semite for criticizing the fact that America disfigures its foreign policy on behalf of a bronze age holy book that grants a certain group of people a right to live on the only strip of land in the middle east that doesn't have oil. I listen to every episode of Shapiro. When he is right he is super right and when he is a useless shill I think that everything else he says is suspect. sick of his contradictions.
 ,/r/Republican is a partisan subreddit.  This is a place for Republicans to discuss issues with other Republicans.Out of respect for this sub's main purpose we ask that unless you identify as Republican that you refrain from commenting and [leave the vote button alone](https://www.reddit.com/r/MetaRepublican/comments/5t017a/this_sub_is_for_republicans_if_you_do_not/). Non republicans who come to our sub looking for a 'different perspective' [subvert that very perspective with their own views when they vote or comment.](http://i.imgur.com/XqL0wfR.jpg)*I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Republican) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,She makes an important distinction here. She says that people who are formerly incarcerated should have the right to vote. She also maintains that people who are currently in prison (the terrorists rapists etc.) should not have that right. &#x200B;So I don't view this as a change of tune but rather her saying that ex-cons should be able to vote but not those still serving their sentences.
 ,She must’ve felt the heat. Or maybe it only took her one day to “have that conversation”.
 ,She went to jump on Bernie's bandwagon and then discovered it didn't poll well.
 ,/r/Republican is a partisan subreddit.  This is a place for Republicans to discuss issues with other Republicans.Out of respect for this sub's main purpose we ask that unless you identify as Republican that you refrain from commenting and [leave the vote button alone](https://www.reddit.com/r/MetaRepublican/comments/5t017a/this_sub_is_for_republicans_if_you_do_not/). Non republicans who come to our sub looking for a 'different perspective' [subvert that very perspective with their own views when they vote or comment.](http://i.imgur.com/XqL0wfR.jpg)*I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Republican) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,Verified. HuffPo is sad!
 ,Posts from the 'i.redd.it' domain require moderation. Please be patient as we review. Thank you.*I am a bot and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Republican) if you have any questions or concerns.*
 ,I don't think we need this amendment anymore. It was proposed in order to remove the influence of trusts from the State legislatures appointing the Senators. We don't live in the Progressive Era anymore so I'd say that it should be repealed.
 ,I'm not sure this amendment is needed. We really need to isolate power from the will of the masses now that it's easier than ever to manipulate huge groups of people with propaganda and misinformation. Election of senators via state legislature is probably the way it should be.
 ,Should be repealed to move toward more Constitutional government.
 ,This just leads to the senate being used for sound bites pandering and less power to states
 ,Needs to be repealed.  This was how the states themselves participated in federal government.  Taking that away took much of the states agencies of self-governance away and turned them more into provinces.
 ,This amendment honestly just makes the executive more powerful as when Congress doesn't do the presidents bidding the president can go over the heads of Congress appeal to the people and either get them replaced with congressmen who agree with the president who scare the current ones from disagreeing with the president. We saw Woodrow Wilson do this time and again especially with the federal reserve
 ,>“It is a difficult plan. It is a necessary plan.... Estimates that tell us that we have only 12 years to get it right. Let’s be clear we have until 2030 to change things fundamentally or our lives won’t be the same” de Blasio said at an Earth Day event yesterday.The Left must always use a "crisis" in order to justify this crap.
 ,RIP delis and hotdog carts? That should be interesting.
 ,To clarify:  *city-controlled facilities such as hospitals schools and correctional facilities* &#x200B;Hot dog carts and Papaya King are safe for now.
 ,Big Hot Dog was late with their protection money.
 ,There aren't many things more iconic than getting a hot dog from a hot dog cart in NYC. How fucking stupid.
 ,I mean they also banned big gulps and made misgendering somebody a punishable offense so this really isn’t that shocking
 ,Headline: "NYC to Ban Hot Dogs and Processed Meats"Body: City government has decided to reduce the amount of processed and red meat it purchases for its own facilities. No effect on anything else.The politics of outrage.Anyway doesn't matter if NYC elected a militant vegan environmentalist. The Nathan's lobby is too strong. No one's taking down the hotdog man (thank God).
 ,I thought this was a babylonbee article...
 ,Imagine running a small business in nyc.....rip
 ,Remember lads all these folks consider themsleves to be "pro-choice" except guns schools freedom of expression and apparently hot-dogs and processed meat...
 ,The Left is insane; it would be like Chicago banning pizza's.
 ,The Left loves using the levers of government to control your behavior when it comes to everything from shopping bags to soda to what kind of toilet you're allowed to install in your home.But then they'll turn around and throw a shit-fit if they aren't allowed to get stoned and abort babies.They'll call YOU the puritan as they continue to demand more and more control over your daily lives.
 ,Banning hot dogs? Are the politicians trying to start a riot?
 ,in·san·i·ty/inˈsanədē/*noun** extreme foolishness or irrationality.plural noun: **insanities**"it might be pure insanity to take this loan"*synonyms:*folly foolishness foolhardiness idiocy stupidity imbecility asininity lunacy madness silliness senselessness brainlessness thoughtlessness irrationality illogicality absurdity ludicrousness ridiculousness;
 ,The first thing I did after reading the title was check to make sure the story wasn't from the Babylon Bee or the Onion.Its so hard to tell anymore.
 ,Wait.....   Read the article.  Not seeing any hot dog ban.   It looks like they are reducing meat consumption in all the schools jails and hospitals.   Did I miss something?
 ,Imagine this on the meeting agenda. "Hot Dogs hot or not?" Seems like NYC has much more to worry about than hot dogs but hey I guess this is why NY is in the state it is currently in.
 ,Satire is reality now.
 ,Guys people like hot dogs
 ,So now the deadline is 2030? These lines in the sand keep getting crossed and new lines drawn.
 ,If it was really that important to them they would ban them now or like Jan 1 2020.  Not in 11 years.
 ,Jesus fucking Christ. Immature little Hispanic valley girl Alexandria Ocasio Cortez makes the completely unfounded statement we have only 12 years to live and  to save all humanity we must put Nathan's out of business. I hope some that voted for De Blasio lllloooooove hot dogs.
 ,Coney Island without hot dogs?
 ,Wait this isn’t the onion
 ,I genuinely thought this was satire
 ,Additionally Vermont shut down their nuclear power plant (a source of clean power) and their carbon emissions **increased** as a result as the people turned to cheap coal rather than solar and wind as the Greens predicted.Not everyone can afford such expensive sources of power.
 ,Seriously?
 ,#[SOURCE: Dennis Prager](https://patriotpost.us/opinion/62542-why-hillary-clinton-and-barack-obama-tweeted-about-easter-worshippers)
 ,unless you're pandering to Christians. So if Barack or Hillary were speaking to a congregation at a church they'd suddenly be as devout as the day is long. They'd slap on faith like Hillary tries to manage a southern accent
 ,The reason the far left is doing this is for social and political control. It’s that simple. And the moderate left knows it’s insane but they don’t know what to do about it. The goal is to make essentially every group other than straight white men (and women to some degree) band together to fight as a single unit against their perceived oppressors. The problem for them is that this is functionally impossible and we’re seeing the whole thing disintegrate in real time. White people who buy into all this are being told to sit down and shut up for the foreseeable future and if they protest then that’s just their fragile white privilege. Strict followers of Islam cannot work alongside women or gay people. I would argue that Islam as an ideology is incompatible with Western ideals where we value equality under the law personal sovereignty and meritocratic success. It’s falling apart and it’s driving many of them insane.
 ,I'll probably get downvoted but whatever.I'm Catholic - Easter Worshippers meant more to me than Christians.  The terrorists attacked Christians on our most sacred holiday.  The death and resurrection of Jesus Christ is the pinnacle of our faith and these fools attacked people during this most sacred holiday.To say "Christians" were attacked - Christians could be attacked (and are attacked) at any given moment.  But to attack on Easter - that's just despicable.  I don't have stats (too lazy to look up) but I *think* there have been times in history when folks at war (perceived or real) would avoid attacking during impoortant festivals or religious holidays.  That's what really makes this even more disgusting.  It's a further reminder that Islamic terrorists follow no rules of engagement.  There is no honor in what they're doing.  To attack on Easter and then to specifically call it out - to me that makes it all the more real.I get it - one view is that libs are being so PC or whatever they don't want to say Christians.  Personally and probably due to my biases calling out Easter Worshippers meant more to me personally.Apologies for my rambling.  I'll go back to lurking.
 ,[removed]
 ,I think it's less political than that.  The Associated Press ran an article hours prior to the massacre using the term "Easter worshippers".  Actual members of the press probably run their social media accounts.
 ,Actually its to make people forget.&#x200B;It is not about the 'now'...&#x200B;Its for the months and years after. When people google 'christian' massacres it will not be on any of the popular media. &#x200B;As if it never happened.&#x200B;Some right wing sites will have it as such. And will be branded as 'propaganda'.&#x200B;Amazing how quickly people forget.
 ,Both Obama and HRC are doing what they’ve  always done - sow division.(credit to u/r2d2itisyou)
 ,I’ve been saying for years that Democrats are the largest christian hate organization in the world. It’s just now starting to show. Their entire goal is for white people Christians and men to “finally feel inferior” so all they can mind control all minorities to stay in power forever.
 ,It's the same language [Fox news](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/D4xLoVmXsAAOsPF.jpg:large) uses in places.  "Easter Worshipers" is not somehow derogatory to Christians unless you are looking for an excuse to take offense.
 ,They were not the only ones who said it. [Here](https://imgur.com/gallery/2MXL84T) are a few more that also said it.
 ,Atheist here - and as someone that has every reason to hate Christianity but completely agrees with the OP.
 ,Infuriating. I highlighted this to friends of mine the other day and they all just bury their heads rather than have a conversation about it. I feel I get judged a lot and it makes me question whether I am a bad person for being bothered by this hypocrisy. Ugh.
 ,also Julian Castro tweeted pretty much the same thing
 ,Because #DeepState
 ,I try and be pragmatic and not think that every statement tweet etc is not a grand scheme but this seems very deliberate. Both Secretary Clinton and President Obama have professed that they are Christians. They should take this personally as I do.
 ,#Taqiyya
 ,We all know the "why". Can't promote sympathy for that which you want to anhiliate.Hillary and Obama are BOTH pure evil. Same goals and equally as cold and calculated as the most narcissitic serial killer.
 ,Easter Worshippers. They aren’t called Christians anymore.
 ,Funny how the party that wants to jail people for not using a persons unique and often made up pronoun thinks it OK to just call a religion anything it feel like.
 ,Nice meme. Both of these can be applied to all religions.
 ,> **Why did Obama & Clinton both tweet “Easter worshippers“?** Simple they were talking about those who attended an Easter Mass.
 ,Oo-ee-oo I look just like Buddy HollyOh-oh and you're Mary Tyler Moore
 ,My question is: Why?
 ,Why does this matter?  They were mostly worshipers on Easter.  Seems to make sense to me.
 ,Not seeing how the Sri Lanka massacre is “something good”
 ,Easter Worshippers sounds like a cult of people who pray to a magic bunny.
 ,Islam is one of the biggest threats to western stability peace and culture.
 ,We should call them StoneWorshippers or MeccaWorshippersNot joking. It's not important where they are when praying: New York Paris London or Madrid. The important thing is that they always pray to Mecca. Why is that? Because the Kaabah is in Mecca. And at the center of the Kaaba (Islam's most sacred place of worship) sits a big black stone. The big black stone is the holiest of the holy in Islam.  So when every Muslim in the world pilgrimages to Mekka to see the black stone wouldn't it be logical to call them StoneWorshippers or MeccaWorshippers?  If it would take off we could dropkick a lot of people with the fact that islam is in reality a pagan religion. They worship a stone. Or shards of a stone now...
 ,As a person on the left I am not like that at all. Most of the people around me are not either. Just because Clinton did something you dislike doesn't mean everyone on the left isike that.
 ,theresa may was just as bad. "violence against churches an hotels". good lord
 ,They dislike Christians.
 ,It's because that's how their Marxist-loving voters think.
 ,They called them Easter Worshippers because people of various religions from all walks of life were attending the ceremony. Their label doesn't matter they were all victims they were all worshippers they shared the same pain. They could've easily said "Christians" but then they would've been discounting the lives of everyone else there who wasn't a Christian see what I'm getting at?
 ,Y’all seen the rates of inbreeding in the Middle East? The US gov found that inbreeding causes cognitive depression.
 ,There's a social war in the US on Christianity that's the only religion they are targeting.
 ,For all those tourists who worship Easter. Or they just don't want to be quoted positively referring to Christians in any way.
 ,The same applies to the democratic and Republican parties. Because the republicans routinely clean house to get rid of racists and bigots and the democrats never do it means the dems are perfect little angles and the Republicans are all Hitler
 ,I understand why they didn't want to bring up Christian persecution. It's because a statement of compassion toward Christian persecution would undoubtedly come with backlash from their supporters. It would be poor for their image. That's shameful disgusting and awful but I understand why they did it.What's strange to me is that it didn't occur to them that they would receive backlash for coming up with the bizarre term "Easter worshipers". What's even weirder is that after Hillary coined that term... Barack Obama went ahead and said it too. What the hell? How can they possibly not see the issue with this?The fact that they refused to acknowledge Christian persecution is shameful but the use of the term "Easter woshipers" is just bizarre. I guess... maybe they knew that it would come with backlash but they figured it's ok because the backlash would mostly come from the Christian community.
 ,They are trolling
 ,I disagree slightly. The Left views Christians as the embodiment of pure evil. Therefore they’re never the victims but always the perpetrators. That’s why they won’t acknowledge the absolute heinous atrocity at Sri Lanka.
 ,These dems claim Christianity like a badge to get elected to office. It's all for show. They arent really religious at all. Lying Liars is all they are. Next they're going to try and say  "Christians and muslims all worship the same God so they're equal"... hah! ...like the Christian God would require prayer multiple times a day or encourage starving ourselves. Sounds like no God I'd follow.
 ,Unless it's the useful kind of Christianity and the kind that allows your favorite sin.&#x200B;And even then you should berate them for not doing enough for the cause.
 ,When speech is legally a form of violence then 1984 was literally a prophetic book.
 ,Interesting the kid can’t have a beer buy a lotto ticket buy a gun join the military rent a car get a mortgage buy cigarettes get a tattoo.  Buuuuuuuuuutttt the kid CAN irreversibly destroy her body because she is confused at a young age and had kids masquerading as adults telling her to do it for an agenda vs her long term well being.  Just think about that and let it sink in for a second guys....buying a beer is more harmful to a child in Canada than destroying a child’s internal hormones.  Fuck Canadian courts and that judge.  When that kid commits suicide that judges should be tried for murder for allowing this to happen.
 ,> As previously reported the BC Supreme Court ordered in February that 14-year-old Maxine* receive testosterone injections without parental consentWhat...The...Fuck.
 ,Honk honk
 ,🤡 🌎
 ,All these things conservatives said would happen if Trudeau got voted in where's the proo.... oh
 ,This trans gender bullshit is our generations lobotomy you are talking children during a time of incredible ignorance and literally giving them more chemicals than their bodies are designed to have which will cause sterility and most likely cancer in a vain attempt at fixing their dismorphia instead of actually finding out why they aren’t comfortable in their own body. If people roll over and start validating this tranny bs then what the fuck are we even conserving?
 ,Canada what are you doing please stop
 ,Fuck my country
 ,The State owns the child.
 ,Up next:  Parent imprisoned for not letting his 6 year old marry his imaginary friend
 ,But please tell us more about how Jordan Peterson was being unreasonable in his opposition to bill C-16 stating that it would become a criminal offense to use the wrong pronouns.
 ,Damn that's horrible. Jordan Peterson even warned how legal enforcement of pronouns would be dangerous. And hormones really shouldn't be given to anyone under 18.
 ,If someone was doing this abusive crap to my daughters no judges gag order would stop me from doing what had to be done.
 ,🤡🌎
 ,When shes 30 years old shes going to look back and say "holy shit I was so fuckin' foolish my life is ruined over a bunch of stupid attention seeking behaviors."
 ,Oh my god this is so wrong.  What in the world are these people thinking.
 ,This is why the 2nd Amendment exists. 100% tyranny telling you how you can speak.
 ,These are the refugees we should be taking in.
 ,I always laugh when a fellow American suggests the United States should adopt a policy or law because it’s what other countries do .  I’ve been hearing it my whole life how the US should do as other countries do. The above article is yet another example of how screwed up these countries are and the last thing I want to do is follow their lead.  Just look at what’s going on in Europe with their mass migration and silly laws .  No thank you.  All this garbage starts in other countries and then they try to push it on America.
 ,BuT cAnAdA aNd OtHeR cOuNtRiEs HaVe JuSt As MuCh FrEeDoM oF sPeEcH!
 ,How dare the judge infer the child's gender!  Maybe as a tranny it reverse identified back to a "she".
 ,Canada is fucked.
 ,I truly hope this is fake. I can’t believe it.
 ,He should sue the government for child endangerment this is insanity.
 ,His freedom of speech has totally not been affected at all just his ability to talk to who he wants about what he wants or to voice thoughts about certain topics./s
 ,Oh...Canada...
 ,My country is fucked.
 ,Canada courts are even worse than the US due to the lack of free speech laws.  If the courts start to oppress people people will take justice into their own hands.Bad road to go down when the government starts interfering with peoples families.
 ,I wonder if he could apply for asylum in the US.
 ,We live in a society
 ,I disagree with this for a few reasons. I do agree there are lots of people who signed up for far more in loans than they ever should have for degrees that are barely worth the paper they are printed on but I worked 2-3 part time jobs at the same time to attend a public university to get a degree in engineering and I still have debt. It is a manageable amount of it but it isnt by any means small either. I do disagree with student loan forgiveness because I knowingly signed up to owe this money and I have every intention of repaying every cent as it has helped me to live a more fulfilling life but to act like you could work part time and then full time all summer and come out debt free even from a state university is just not even remotely accurate.
 ,I pay less then 7k a year for college and I’m doing just fine.Don’t pay 40k a year for a gender studies course and you will be okay
 ,So maddening. Steven Crowder said it best “they want us to pay for some kid to study underwater basket weaving”. Give me a break. My sister heard Warren say this and thought it was a good idea I looked at her and said “who do you think is going to pay for that?” I pointed at her and then at myself. She was like “oh didn’t think about that”.
 ,I worked 2 jobs while going to school full time. It was hard. I still had to take student loans. I took them out with the full understanding I had to pay them back. And they are scheduled to be paid off in 24 months. I acquired the debt I have to pay it off. Not a hard concept l. I don’t expect someone to pay it off for absolutely nothing
 ,I'll preface this by saying I graduated from college and paid off my student loans. This is a way oversimplification of the problem. The biggest issue is public universities have jacked up tuition astronomically in the last 20 years. Basically since FAFSA started. The greedy university board members want all those sweet government dollars they can get and they've been jacking up tuition ever since. And people who don't have wealthy parents or trustfunds are left with financial options that a lot  aren't fully capable of understanding at 18 yo.
 ,Have to side with the left on this one. University isn’t affordable and community colleges are hit or miss depending on your area. “Hard work” in today’s job climate doesn’t get you rent + college degree. It makes us look out of touch and arrogant. I make over $15 an hour and my living expenses do not allow me to pay for $204 a credit hour. (And my state is on the cheap side)I don’t support free education but take the government OUT of backing student loans that will cause prices to plummet + incentivizes students to get real worthwhile degrees.
 ,Not going to lie I read it as "beer" instead of "bear"
 ,The thing I don’t get is how they can’t comprehend that the debt on their books is a receivable on someone else’s. So yay you got your debt erased what about the other party that had a receivable for that amount?
 ,You’re gonna have to do more than that to pay it off BUT I will agree that anyone can get a good paying job after college but they have to actually intern or hold jobs that are good (not getting in a discussion of exploited labor through internship if that’s all you can get then go for it). They can’t just drink and play video games like I saw when I went those are the ones saying their degree is not marketable.
 ,I went for 1 year of community college ended up just failing miserable I realized college isn’t for me like the worst way to teach me is to tell me to read a book because that’s the most useless way of learning imo. I ended up taking a 1 year “web design” online course to stay on insurance so I would have something to my name. When it got closer to graduation I felt the weight of not having health insurance adhd medicine is hella expensive and wanting to be able to actually move out in my own as I was getting married in 14 months I applied to any job I could find and ended up working as a termite technician. Long story short: fuck anyone who votes for the candidate that is promising to take my tax dollars to pay for their shitty degree.
 ,Pocahontas will bail you out.
 ,Not really. But the fact is the people who go to school and cant pay for it want the people who didn't go and the people who have paid theirs off to be forced to help them. How is that fair?         Also I want to see how this will work because what about people that keep switching majors and stay indefinitely?
 ,I worked nearly full time (35 hours) to pay my way through college and watched all the liberal arts majors drink their brain cells away on daddy’s dime.  I have no sympathy for these lazy morons.  They knew they were assuming debt and did NOTHING about it.  We can’t reward bad behavior.
 ,I've been working since I was 15 in high school.  I haven't NOT worked since then and I'm 38 now!&#x200B;Lazy bastards!
 ,I worked full time classes in evenings still ended up with a shit ton of debt.  Being a middle class white dude meant no grants or "special" scholarships for me.  Believe me I wish the loans would go away but I'm realistic and know that will never happen nor should it.  Just gotta keep truckin and pay it down.
 ,I'm still in debt after being in the guard and working full time while going to school :) I'm glad I have a guaranteed job to pay off those loans when I graduate tho! (This isn't sarcasm. I'm genuinely happy for myself)
 ,Wut? I worked part time during school and full time during the summer. I also got grade based scholarships and other scholarships that required ~10 hours a week. All that and I still graduated with a ton of debt.
 ,Worked full time went to school full time and had a non-paying internship and still have about 30k in debt...
 ,Fuck I’m trying to go to law school. Rip
 ,You’re not going to pay off 24k in debt working at McDonald’s.
 ,I don't have the option to attend a state university or community college in Oregon that has the kind of clinical I need for my degree. The college I am going to costs about 55k per year. I have received 30k per year in scholarships and my boyfriend received the same amount in scholarships. We are still looking at a lot of debt and that's only for our undergrads. I do not agree with loan forgiveness either her because my schooling was my choice. However I do not party and I  and I have worked very hard nights and weekends and that is not enough to come out debt free and on top for a lot of people.
 ,Because they don’t want to
 ,I disagree with this. I attend a private University which costs around 40k per year (erau). I don't feel that it is reasonable to assume that I could pay for that with a part-time job during the school year and a full time job during the summer. I worked a full time job year round and I am leaving school with massive debt.
 ,Cher is like 1000 years old. The worst part about having to sit through that chick flick with my gf was seeing Cher propped up (with CGI) for a dance routine. BARF
 ,That's-a spicy MAGAball!
 ,Cher hardest ~~fucked~~ hit
 ,Watching Cher swallow her redpill in real-time is awesome
 ,[President Trump and The First Lady Deliver Remarks at the Rx Drug Abuse & Heroin Summit](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/bgx2y4/president_trump_and_the_first_lady_deliver/?sort=confidence)
 , Honestly I’m fine with some drugs. Marijuana mushrooms LSD etc. can be useful and beneficial in certain circumstances. But all that hard shit needs to go.
 ,I love this president — **SO MUCH.**
 ,That was a damn good speech. He obviously wants to help all Americans and if you want a red pill for someone show them the speech he just gave.
 ,#WTF I LOVE DRUG ABUSE NOW~leftists
 ,I’m honestly a little uneasy about the drug warriorness of Trump. I mean sure heroin kills people but black markets create way more crime and death than legal heroin.
 ,Not just a brain surgeon...a pediatric and neonatal brain surgeon. He has successfully performed brain surgery on babies still in the WOMB! He is a genius and a savior of babies.
 ,Choose Greatness! ❤️
 ,I love sleepy doc.  Remember when trump hung out with him backstage at the debate because he didn't get his name called?  That moment forged a great relationship.Asshole Jeb just pushes them out of the way.
 ,Isn’t it hilarious that blacks show no love for this brilliant man but view a nasty butch like Beyoncé as a hero.
 ,If you have a library near you If you can readAnd you can think you can educate yourself
 ,I pass by the school in Detroit he's named after on my way to the Eastern Market all the time. It's a goddamn shame the city wants to rename it.
 ,Ben Carson is concrete proof the American dream is live and well. You can grow up with a single mother that can't read become the best pediatric brain surgeon in the world and go on to help the President Make America Great Again. I'm sure it was just all his white privilege thoughWonder what his favorite book is? He would be a great candidate for an AMA.
 ,So reading books is better than selling drugs?
 ,He looks like such a kind person.
 ,This is what a leader looks like.Success doesn't depend on what color you are on the outside success depends on what is on the inside of a person.
 ,Big awesome 👌🏻
 ,Success is 1% inspiration and 99%perspiration. Success is colourblind but it sees effort and willpower. Work maketh the man.
 ,Now this is MAGA.  No excuses full speed ahead.  Now he is cleaning up a federal agency that has been a bastion of corruption for ages.
 ,Look up his interview when he talks about democrats threatening to bring an illegitimate child of his to the press. As he says he laughed at them(the only woman he ever had sex with was his wife) and said if they had a real kid he would love to meet up.
 ,Not only a Neurosurgeon but one who pioneered new procedures and research.
 ,The power of not believing you are a victim. And things were 100x worse for blacks when Carson was a boy.That is the most corrosive part of leftism telling little children they cannot achieve greatness on their own because of institutional racism or sexism. The message should be yeah there are racists but don't waste your time on them just strive for excellence look at all the success stories. No I can't. Just how do I?
 ,Fine looking scholar no homo
 ,...I think sleepy doctor is an attractive man...
 ,He even has a great movie about his life called [Gifted Hands](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gifted_Hands:_The_Ben_Carson_Story). I highly recommend everyone see it.
 ,These are the characteristics one should look up to not those of the jesters dancing for us in hollywood and media.
 ,We have so much respect for Dr. Carson we are blessed to have him serve in Trump's administration 💖
 ,As the UNCF would say "a mind is a terrible thing to waste"
 ,Remember kids.Having fun isn't hard when you've got a library card!
 ,Dr. Carson said that his mother used to make her children write book reports.  She pretended to read the reports.  He never realized that his mother was illiterate until he was an adult.It shows that good parenting is in the relationship and structure not in the amount of resources.  God Bless Mrs. Carson!
 ,But muh oppression!
 ,Good dude right there.
 ,I have enormous amount of respect for Dr. Carson.
 ,I really recommend his book "Gifted Hands" he's amazing.
 ,This is what I do to my kids. Also include math. My six year old does multiplication fractions and division. He is also raised weary of people who tell him what he should think about things
 ,I had a job in a High School for a while where I chatted with a teacher regularly at lunch usually about Game of Thrones.  Got pretty turned off when he admitted to me that he tells his minority students they don't have a chance 'cause the system is rigged against them and hard work is just a waste of their effort.&#x200B;Then you look at Ben Carson.  Many people are alive today I wager because he wasn't infected with that message.
 ,If only he had some opportunity in life....gosh.
 ,Yeah but he's a Christian sooooo... checkmate drumph
 ,Wow. That's actually amazing.
 ,Never underestimate the power of an American Mother.
 ,This is so true... you cannot *make* anyone into a success; they have to do it themselves. You can make opportunities available you can support all of the self-help initiatives you want to; but you can never educate someone into success they do not want or are not willing to work towards.
 ,It is important to include another aspect of Ben Carson's life the deep faith he learned from his mother as well as a work eithic.  I finished his biography recently and it blew my mind
 ,I wanted Ben Carson to win the primaries tbh. But I can wait for 2024
 ,That's beautiful.
 ,A successful black person smiling... Twitter would flag this as sensitive content.
 ,Didn't hurt that a rich guy gave him a leg up to help pay for college.
 ,the left:  hEs A nAZi!!!1
 ,I love capitalism
 ,This is the differnce between those who have the victim mentality and those who have the American spirit .
 ,Don't underestimate the library card either.
 ,God damn I love this country
 ,Parents take note.
 ,13?
 ,A black man that didn't follow the victimism script became successful and on top of that is a man of faith.I bet many on the left hate him more than anything else.
 ,The way the left treats Ben Carson disgusts me. All they see is a black republican. This man should be a pioneer for the black community. What the power of learning can unlock. No matter your lot in life. Nope. Hes ridiculed & insulted on the constant.
 ,thats crazy. ben carson treated me for my concussion when i was 5.. i dont remember him but my parents say he was very nice and informative
 ,Props to Sonya Carson. (:
 ,Being a poor parent is no excuse for being a poor parent.
 ,I remember hearing she had him write book reports and hand them in to her despite her not being able to read.
 ,hE's aN uNCle ToM sO hE dONT coUNt yOU rACysTs
 ,Yeah but because he’s conservative he’s a white nationalist bigot.
 ,I've gotten as far in life as I have for similar reasons.  We were broke but my mother chose to emphasize education over falling into the traps of the neighborhood I grew up in.  Some of my fondest most peaceful memories of my youth are from my local library and I can still remember the sounds of my footsteps echoing in one of the vaulted chambers.  That reminds me I need to make a donation to them soon.
 ,Why does the left hate the idea of people becoming something better than they currently are with such a passion?
 ,Derp! He’s an exception! Under the right lighting he looks white that’s why he escaped institutionalized racism! DERP!!!
 ,Victor mentality!
 ,https://youtu.be/RGGrvn44LNA?t=33
 ,Who should have been the first black president
 ,Can we all take a moment to question why his mother got married at 13?  Excuse me wtf.
 ,Proof positive that your history does not determine your future.  As Americans we have the wonderful opportunity to achieve above our "cast" something many many nations do not permit.Democrats are dying to falling over themselves to force a cast system on this nation that says "if you are black you are in the black cast and your opportunity and outcome is dictated by that".  They don't want your success to be yours to enjoy they don't want you to risk failure - they just want drones.Republicans believe that an individual is allowed to succeed or fail on his or her own merits and should enjoy the fruits of their success or take responsibility for their failures.There's an army of degenerates angry millennial losers baby murderers and other criminals that deeply believe that they can never succeed.  They have been convinced deep down that the American Dream is a lie and their chances at a good life are dead.  MSM reinforces this nihilistic worldview too.  The only option that they believe is "taking" what they want that means stealing or voting in politicians that will legalize theft on their behalf.
 ,Brilliant man
 ,This is why America stays winning!
 ,Look at my African American over there look at him! Isn't he amazing!
 ,no no no.................. this is supposed to be bho's story!
 ,Hope he runs for president one day!
 ,Of course he is ignored and detested.. same as how they treat Clarence Thomas.
 ,Democrats want to keep African-Americans poor and stupid. It’s been their motto for centuries. They don’t want AA’s to think for themselves or become successful because then they will realize that Republicans have the best interests for all Americans.
 ,That's one Handsome Graduate 👨‍🎓
 ,Awesome
 ,U thung uz iz bettah dan me cuzz u reed  ~~a~~ ~~book?~~
 ,This kind of illuminates a problem a lot of people have today.  They don't understand that the progress they make isn't necessarily reflected in THEIR lifetime but in the lifetimes of their children.  They want it to be better *now* and for themselves.
 ,And yes you fucking lurking lazy libtards. This is a “bootstraps” story. GO TO WORK.
 ,Train your mind first. Then your body.  Express positivity to others and do not seek any in return. Live this habitually.
 ,Reading is acting white.  /s
 ,I thought Reddit was changing when this post came up in my feed and got excited.I was actually sad to see that T_Donald posted this and not another sub Reddit :/No other page would ever post something like this
 ,Knowledge is and should be free. What you do with it is up to you.
 ,Yep America where even the people at the lowest point on the economical totem pole can reach up and pull themselfs to the top regardless of skin color race or genetic heritage. AMERICA FUCK YEA 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
 ,I love this man!
 ,Ben Carson was my first choice - this amazing man has dine so much for Americans and America - and I thank GOD Donald Trump is his President Too!!
 ,BuT WErE StUCk iN PoVErTy aNd CaNt GeT oUT oF iT.. gIVe Us fReE MoNeY TaX tHe RiCh!!!1!111!  /s
 ,Disturbing how many Democrats strongly downvote posts with successful black folks.
 ,You can tell he has a kind Christian heart.
 ,The crazy thing is that Liberals hate everything about Ben Carson. 🤦‍♀️ 🤦‍♂️
 ,I really hope Carson runs again when Trump is done in 2024. He is a great man who has spent his entire life trying to help people and I’m sure he would do great things for this country. The left would have a very hard time trying to make him look bad.
 ,Trump is way better though
 ,Not just a brain surgeon. One of the best brain surgeons in America of his day.
 ,Dr. Carson is an incredible success story and he is an incredible doctor.  He was absolutely right when he said we need more people from different walks if life to run the government and not just lawyers. His biggest weakness (if you want to call it that) during his campaign run was that he was just too nice of a person.
 ,This is exactly the kind of bigoted content I'd expect from this White Supremacist sub.
 ,Damn I hate hearing all this about the parents in rags to riches story. If you’re going to say “raised in poverty by an illiterate mother with only a third grade education” at least throw in a “who loved him more than life”. Some adult figure had to teach him just how to be even though most of it was on his own.
 ,I mean IQ is like 75-80% hereditary but this is still a nice story
 ,Never underestimate the power of opportunity and education. Wish all mothers were like Sonya.
 ,Fuckin handsome son of a bitch he is.GO BEN CARSON
 ,If you haven't read his books I highly recommend it. I've personally read *Gifted Hands* and *One Nation*.
 ,Never underestimate the power of publicly funded schools and libraries.
 ,God Bless this is a Hero
 ,That woman deserves a medal! That's what I call a role model (not someone in ugly women's dresses posing as  a First Lady).
 ,The power of libraries!
 ,He's a hero
 ,Thanks to those damn socialist public libraries!
 ,Such an inspiration—I'm still so happy that Trump appointed him as HUD Secretary! He truly deserved it!
 ,Also don’t forget his brother is an aerospace engineer
 ,This brought a tear to my eye. The free world of the USA is truly an amazing place. Thank you for sharing!
 ,"But Momma I'm dumb!"-Ben Carson *Gifted Hands*
 ,And liberals will claim he is oppressive because he is successful. Such a shame.
 ,The system clearly is holding this man back from being a heart surgeon too.  If only he weren't so oppressed.
 ,I had a hard time figuring out the outline of that child's head on the far right. Sounds weird but I thought it was a dog in a shirt because her hair looked like ears.
 ,That’s what hard work can do! Great woman who raised a great man. The power of family!🇺🇸🙏🏻❤️
 ,He is inspirational
 ,The library is a great system.
 ,Future president right there.Sleepy Ben has AWOKEN!
 ,[removed]
 ,[removed]
 ,He should have picked up a book about evolution or geology but good enough I guess.
 ,A coup? All of our military supports Trump! That's never going to happen.
 ,Democrats are against every form of self-defense which is the most basic right a person can have.
 ,The stupidity is just exhausting.
 ,Hillary belongs in a jail cell!!!  So does Eric Holder and Loretta lynch the lying Obama team!.  Stay Safe and God Bless our President Trump!
 ,Liberals are giving Trump a free re-election.
 ,"Stop resisting our ~~rapes and murders~~ *enrichment*!"
 ,Is part of the liberal illness having no self-awareness?  Do they know how ridiculous they sound?How is defending yourself against the most vile false allegations obstructing justice?  It is obstructing injustice.  Let them carry on digging and digging.  It all fuels Trump’s 2020 campaign.
 ,They keep questioning Trumps sanity while putting AOC in the limelight and that’s supposed to trigger a coup? Sure.
 ,Couldn't be more perfect.
 ,Obstruction requires you to impede due justice. The due justice here was a "no collusion" result from the Special Counsel and POTUS knew the truth the whole time! He got people out of the way who were actively sabotaging the truth. So actually. ACCELERATION OF JUSTICE.
 ,Branco is a better political cartoonist than Ben Garrison. Change my mind.
 ,Branco is the best political cartoonist.
 ,Trump should be saying ..."I fart in your general direction..."
 ,That's what I tell the poop in my husband's love hole when it gets in the way of my manhood
 ,"Stay dank"---Mr Honkler
 ,Enemies foreign and domestic aka traitors.
 ,Anyone who is stlll shouting obstruction is either a shill or doesn't have an objective bone in their body.
 ,"You post on T_D!!  Reeeeee!"(Bolsheviks attempting coup)
 ,Being the Chief Law Enforcement Officer President Tump is using his "Prosecutorial Discretion" when it comes to the investigation on collusion.  He uniquely knew all along that it was false and therefore he and he alone could never obstruct justice.
 ,I literally do not understand their cry for impeaching him. He's been in power for three years just wait one more damn year and actually win the elections.
 ,If hrc obama or comey ever are in hand cuffs you'll hear a WHOOO HOOO coming from the sw like never before. These corrupt fucks!
 ,These people are absolutely pathetic.
 ,Perfect.
 ,This is inaccurate. The head should be UP the ass.
 ,Coup Obstruction confirmed!
 ,“Why are you hitting yourself?”
 ,The democrats' head banging into a wall. ISWYDT.
 ,this is one of the most dangerous times in modern american politics and the democrats just casually just keep pushing towards the apocalypse. do they actually think that people will let them impeach trump without a fight?
 ,So accurate
 ,for retweeting https://twitter.com/afbranco/status/1121039794090340352
 ,They should be holding a giant dick
 ,This is good
 ,That’s a lovely wall.
 ,Fuck off radical Libatards!
 ,Funny.  I object when the state (government) attempts to hinder ones ability to state or prove their innocence.  Same with the gag order for R. Stone.   Trump was trying to stop a fraudulent investigation which seems more like trying to achieve justice than obstruct it.   It should not be a crime to stop a crime.
 ,we are going to take you down no matter how innocent you are!!!
 ,GEOTUS needs to build a wall around the White House for safety
 ,Lefties upset that Trump may have but didn't obstruct the illegal coup. It's called fighting back.
 ,LMAO I'M CRYING
 ,BIDEN 2020 Bitches.  Deal with it.
 ,I can say that most people in my unit are trump supporters a coup won’t happen on my watch!!
 ,reminds me of when a totally motionless person is laying on the floor as cops beat the shit out of them yelling at them to stop resisting
 ,Friggin walls with a big door!
 ,The Dems are traitors. Not just the politicians either. Every single person throughout the US who still supports and votes for Dems today is complicit with them. Whether it's a conscious decision or not they hate everything we believe in and are doing their best to see we're outnumbered by the illegals and undeserving to ensure the GOP will never have a political voice again and that they can institute a de facto socialist dictatorship that is the exact opposite of what our founding fathers intended.Traitors. This needs to be emphasized more. We need to reframe how we view all the people who support Dems.
 ,Coup for weenies
 ,Why are all the guys in the comic WHITE!? But they're carrying the Obama logo...?! Just put that fag in there!
 ,[removed]
 ,Hint: Dems in congress won't act now.
 ,Just shut the border down we have a 900 billion dollar a year military and somehow can't keep people from just walking over? We need to stop acting gullible dems want you and your family replaced by the third world while you pay for it. It basically slavery but this time its the fear of being deported that will make them loyal dem voters. When you have a captured voting base (See African Americans) you're not accountable to anyone and things turn to shit (See Detroit Baltimore Chicago Every Californian city etc)&#x200B;NOTHING ELSE MATTERS TILL WE STOP ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION
 ,But have they sent 418000 illegals back across the border?
 ,“Half a million!? Pfft that’s not a crisis... call me when it’s serious”-Every Cucked Leftist Ever
 ,>418000 plus illegal immigrantsWOW.Seriously. I had no idea it was this bad. Almost half a million people apprehended in less than months and the MSM and dems act like it's no big deal and that even *mentioning* it is racist. This is madness.
 ,Too bad that they just get released in the USA due to congresses laws.
 ,How many of those got released into the country though?
 ,They are acting Mr. President. This is their plan. Flood the nation with non-citizens that they will allow to vote.Arrest every single mayor city council member governor and member of Congress that advocate for this lawlessness and open borders. They are in violation of their oaths of office. Federalize their districts until we get this under control. They are direct threats to our nation. They are subverting our laws. This must end.
 ,Border Patrol and Law enforcement do a good job yes but at this point we need a shoot-to-kill policy at the border zero immigration of any kind and travel bans from all 3rd world countries. I'd be happy to help but I don't want to get life in prison for shooting an invader. I'll wait until America collapses to join a right wing de*th squad
 ,Mexico cant cooporate. They are controlled by the cartels.
 ,And by "apprehended" he means released into our country thanks to our ridiculous immigration laws.  National crisis!
 ,We love you Mr. President!
 ,Apprehended means escorted to the nearest community receiving center.
 ,Doesnt mean shit if we are just gonna release them right after.
 ,The real question is what is done AFTER those illegals are apprehended.Sadly many are released or given some kinda joke hearings instead of being just thrown out of the country.
 ,...But once they're apprehended they're still just released into the country...
 ,I would be happier about this number if they weren't just being brought into the US and set loose after 3 weeks.
 ,So that's another half-million illegal aliens released into the USA. Not good at all.
 ,So blessed to have this guy president.
 ,Trump really tried so hard for the American people.
 ,Trump has done everything he can. 9th circuit keeps screwing with exec orders.
 ,Just shut down the border Mr. President. Mexico will never cooperate unless US Dollars stop flowing into their country.
 ,APPREHENDED cloing in on half a million and we're only about 1/3 through the year.  Now think about how many they weren't able to apprehend.  WTF???How can anyone not call this a crisis?Plus of course even those apprehended aren't being immediately sent packing which is how it should be.
 ,It just seems so sensible. Why Dems in Congress are allowed to twist these kinds of statements into some kind of racist hatred of brown people is beyond me.  That's HALF A MILLION illegal immigrants! No civilized country should ever tolerate that
 ,Stop money from going to Mexico. Shut the border down. Mexico is mocking us!
 ,Democrats are complicit in treason.
 ,418K but democrats said there is no crisis??? 🤪
 ,BUILD.
 ,That's almost as many illegal immigrants as the population of Wyoming. Imagine an entire state getting deported.
 ,Why is APPREHENDED in caps? Oh...
 ,The DemonkkkRats sponsored invasion of America should have stopped in 2016. America's future is not going to be American. It will be a future shithole if we keep importing shithole cultures.
 ,> ~~DEMS~~ OBSTRUCTIONISTS IN CONGRESS MUST ~~ACT NOW~~ STOP WORKING AGAINST AMERICA!
 ,So a group larger than the entire population of New Orleans was apprehended this year alone? How anyone could think this is A OK is beyond me.
 ,thats approaching the entire population of Wyoming the least populated state in the Union.Half a million people is a insane number.
 ,Holy fuckThat's more than the population of most nonmajor cities.
 ,But we still release thousands of illegals onto our streets every day..
 ,I want to know how many of those were released inside the US. That number should be 0 but for some reason it's not.
 ,¡Si yo comprendo!
 ,Need to pump those numbers up!
 ,Send them to San Francisco
 ,Why would they want to stop something that increases their power?
 ,I could see the left arguing now... "wE dOn'T nEeD a WaLl iF bOrDer PaTroL iS bEiNg MoRe pRoDuCtiVe!"
 ,They sound overworked to me. Build the wall.
 ,Now that we've captured these people we need to setup a border around all sanctuary states and then drop these people off en masse and watch the chaos
 ,Illegal aliens
 ,Dems will NOT act quit saying it!!! Punish Mexico immediately!!!
 ,Question. I'be looked some but all I can get are apprehension numbers.What are the estimates of those NOT apprehended that get through. What is the rough total attempting to illegally enter?
 ,Our border patrol agents are heroes! Thank you for supporting them every step of the way Mr. President!
 ,Once a secure southern border is established it could make a potential war on Mexican corruption and cartels easier for our military and safer for our civilians.
 ,Might want to check the last few topics on this subject where these have also been covered.> (1.) Do you believe the report is accurate and honest? If not why not?Hard to tell since it was a specific fishing expedition but if they had found anything it would have been non-stop front page news.> (2.) If you answered yes to the previous question are you uncomfortable with the idea that Trump knew about and expected to benefit from Russian interference in the election?No not disturbed at all since Russian interference has been common in our elections since the 1990s. Should we talk about Chinese interference and the Clintons?> (3.) What do you make of Mueller's reasoning as to why he isn't pursuing prosecution and what do you think it means for Trump's ethical position?It means they did not find enough evidence to prosecute which is a safe position for a career pastrami-eating bureaucrat like Mueller. He did what his overlords told him created the media storm they wanted and then found nothing so he can now continue to work his functionary job for a high salary.
 ,Links really don't establish anything if both parties were looking for something different.  Every president is helped into power by different groups; look back to the Vietnam war where presidential candidates would reach out behind the scenes to the North Vietnamese government to determine potential war policy.  &#x200B;To be clear I am no fan of Trump (I actually voted for Hillary).  But from a centrist perspective this is what it looks like: Democrats still can't accept that Trump was legitimately elected because his election invalidates their identity-politics based world view.  They have put all their eggs in the collusion basket and that has been proven false.  They look desperate like they are grasping at any straw to get rid of him.  The mainstream media has long ago stopped objectively reporting anything even remotely related to Trump.  A great example is how minorities are doing better now economically than almost any other point in history (at least in terms of unemployment).  If that had happened under Obama or a Democrat it would be running on CNN every night and Democratic politicians would be falling all over themselves to take credit and talk about how redistribution works so well.  As probably a classic American success story (kid who grew up in the middle of nowhere served in the military paid my grad student loans out of my own pocket have a good job) I'm just tired of hearing how people can't get ahead and how everything is now someone else's fault and that I should pay for it.&#x200B;In terms of obstruction of justice: from a centrist point of view the "justice" he is obstructing is a political party that is desperately trying to remove him and refuses to take no for answer.  It's looking more and more like a witch hunt every day.  Can you blame him?
 ,Sad part all together Russia can't even run its own "democracy" why they trying to mess with ours?
 ,So question number one: do you believe the report is accurate and honest? If not why not? NAH IT WAS AN INVESTIGATION IN SEARCH OF ANYTHING TO TAKE TRUMP DOWN. IM SURPRISED REPUBLICANS ALLOWED IT TO HAPPENQuestion  number two: if you answered yes to the previous question are you  uncomfortable with the idea that Trump knew about and expected to  benefit from Russian interference in the election?  IF DEMOCRATS ARE HAPPY THAT ONE OF THEIR OWN (FDR) WAS BASICALLY A COMMUNIST ASSET AND SAVED COMMUNISM  FOR THE NEXT HALF CENTURY..... I DONT SEE THE DRAMA HEREQuestion  number three: what do you make of Mueller's reasoning as to why he  isn't pursuing prosecution and what do you think it means for Trump's  ethical position?    PROBBLY DEEP DOWN HE KNOWS ITS ALL A CHARADE  A THEATER TO SMEAR THE TRUMP ADMIN.  ALSO NOTICE THE ONLY ONES CONVICTED WERE LOBBYISTS WITH SOME QUESTIONABLE PAST....  BUT LOBBYISTS ARE FOUND ON BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE.
 ,Question 1: Yes BUT it's from the prosecutors point of view. If the defense wrote the report they could use the same facts and it would sound a lot different. Question 2: The Russian links are a red herring as its stated that Trump had nothing to do with the hacking. And of course the Trump campaign expected to benefit from these emails...they showed some really sketchy stuff like the actual collusion between the DNC and Hillary in the primaries. These emails were made public not by Trump but Wikileaks and you expect the Trump campaign to simply ignore them?  By the time anyone had any idea of who hacked the emails the information was already disseminated. Your question "do you have qualms about the idea of a Republican President who was knowingly helped into power by Russia". "Knowingly helped" implies collusion which there was none of as Russia was acting independently. So for an independent actor the type of "help" I would definitely have qualms about would be things like changing vote totals. However independent actors routinely "leak" classified information which has effects on our elections. We use this information without even knowing the leaker's identity motivations or even their loyalty. The only solution would be to ban the publication of stolen content which I believe would require a Constitutional amendment.Question 3: Mueller mentioning you can't prosecute a President is another red herring as he later mentions he doesn't have enough to prosecute. It would be very hard as Trump gave Mueller unprecedented access and didn't use executive privilege. The 10 examples Mueller gave are basically Trump's reactions to being falsely accused some of which ironically Mueller only knew about because Trump decided not to use his executive privilege.
 ,I hate to answer a question with a question but: if it is conclusively established that the Obama DOJ also knew about Russian meddling but did nothing how would you feel about that?
 ,I'm only going to answer one question in regards to Trump expecting to benefit from the russian meddling.Realistically it's a big pile of nothing. We expect all kinds of things to benefit an election. Terrorist gets shot and killed by an armed citizen before he can detonate a bomb in a crowd of blind orphans gathered to play with disabled puppies? That's gonna benefit us. Russia comes out and openly says "We support the American Democratic Party and find their glorious strides towards communism to be a great example to the developing world"? That's gonna benefit us. Hillary eats a baby on live TV? That's gonna benefit us.These "Russian Operatives" were primarily spreading disinformation and sowing dissent through social media. What was Trump *supposed* to do? He wasn't president yet he had no power over the likes of facebook and twitter. The FBI/CIA was *supposedly* aware of all this anyway. So what was he really supposed to do besides shrug and enjoy the extra three people who were swayed to vote for him?I mean unless theres new info coming out about him actually working in conjunction with russian operatives it's a non-issue to me.
 ,Obstruction in the defense of liberty is no vice.
 ,I would love to respond to this but I am at work and don't have time so I am leaving this comment so that I remember to come back later on.It is hard to bite my tongue so let me just leave you with a couple of thoughts while I am having a bathroom break. What ties did Mueller find to Russia? Are you talking about the foriegn policy advisors he hired specifically for their experience with foriegn countries? I will come back to expand on this later but the entire investigation was a sham and as much as I don't want to see this tactic continue the Democrats have opened Pandoras box and they have no idea the amount of damage they have caused our country with this scam. Campaigns will now spend money and focus on challenging the election results. Do you remember how Hillary said how dangerous this was? Yeh well when she made those comments [she was actively involved in a plan to challenge the results.](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://amp.washingtontimes.com/news/2018/dec/12/christopher-steele-hillary-clinton-was-preparing-t/&ved=2ahUKEwjosoC6i-nhAhVBmVkKHX-pCsIQFjAAegQIBRAB&usg=AOvVaw19DG6VM2rMZYqO637KTwOn&ampcf=1)Here is a thought experiment. How would you feel if after Hillary lost team Trump cried Chinese collusion to invalidate her win. How would you explain this video away because I would find it hard to defend Trump if there was documented video evidence of Russians working for his campaign?https://www.weeklystandard.com/michael-warren/video-hillary-using-chinese-exchange-students-as-volunteersAlso how do you explain that the entire investigation was started with information that the Clinton Campaign recieved by paying a foreigner for who then directly recieved the information from Russian intelligence. I am not sure how Trump wanting dirt on Hillary from Russia is a crime yet Hillary is free to pay for all of the Russian information on Trump that she pleases. One was an accusation that did not happen the other actually happened. Why do the Democrats only care about the one that didn't happen?The entire story is a gigantic smear campaign but what is shocking is how many people they have managed to convince. Everyone should read the book Propaganda by Edward Bernes.Just think about this for a second. Imagine if Mueller found out that team Trump was paying a foriegn spy to go meet with high ranking Russian intelligence officers in order to retrieve damaging information on Hillary Clinton in order to ruin his election campaign. That would be the smoking gun that Liberals have been looking for and they would absolutely be able to convince everyone that impeachment of Trump is required to restore the "rule of law" or some other ironic buzzword the media is pushing at that moment in time. However now we know with 100% certainty that Hillary did this but instead of outrage we use the disinformation that the Russians gave her to just further investigate Trump in an attempt to ruin him.The best part is the faux outrage that occurs at the mere suggestion of the accusations orgins will now be investigated .
 ,Question 1:    I believe the report is "accurate" in so far as they're not bold faced lying.   I believe it is also a) wildly full of conjecture and hearsay b) EXTREMELY poorly sourced and therefore c) completely worthless as an actual legal document.    None of what's in it would hold up to much legal scrutiny.... which is why no charges were brought.&#x200B;Question 2:   Take a step back for a second and ask yourself (you colloquially.. not necessarily you specifically) if you're equally concerned that Obama knew this was going on... yet did nothing.   IF you're riled up about Trump... but not riled up about that... that's called hypocrisy and should disqualify you from the conversation because your character and values are not consistent enough to be taken seriously.   Am I concerned that Russians reached out to him... not at all.   Nothing came of it... nothing would... and Trump has shown REPEATEDLY he's MUCH tougher on Putin and Russia than any President in recent memory.   Some seem to be insinuating that we should all be losing our collective minds over things that didn't really happen like some have said they did... and things that were in the end entirely inconsequential.   I am however very concerned that the DNC and assorted Democrats did ACTUALLY collude with foreign powers in attempts to sway the election and commit crimes such as misleading the FISA court.   It now looks like Obama engineered much of that himself and it was done with his knowledge and his blessing.   Again if one is glossing over that and instead losing their mind over some things that could of happened but didn't... that disqualifies them from the conversation because again lack of values and lack of adult like reasoning.   &#x200B;Question 3:   The purpose of the report is to serve as a document to rile up congress and rile up the public to assault the President (there's a reason Mueller chose only rabid anti-Trump vitriolic lawyers many of whom have very little experience as actual prosecutors especially in a situation like this)... and his finding so far as the OLC is concerned fits with that.   He and his team of angry democrats know there's no "there there"... so of course he's not going to charge the case because if he did... he'd have to fight it on LEGAL grounds... which would never go anywhere.    So since he knows that's a dead end... the point is to turn it into a POLITICAL case which has almost no standard it has to meet.   Only the angry musings of a bunch of hysterics matter in that case... and in which case Muller has given the angry hysterics plenty to get hysterical over if they want.
 ,1. No the sole fact that Andrew Weissman and Jeannie Rhee were apart of the SCs team is as absurd as using oppo research to file for a FISA warrant on a cooperating US citizen.Ill answer 2 and 3 though the contacts were both unethical but toothless. There is evidence to suggest that the Russians were trying to inflame the rhetoric on both sides the actual effects that they had are debatable but ultimately grossly exaggerated.Lastly I have quite a few objections to the obstruction portion and how its being used in the public narrative.  Mainly revolving around the start of the Muller investigation and the complex/untested legal quandries that are dubious at best.I am by no means a fan of Trump but this whole thing reeks worse than Trump being an idiot.If you want a professional who was at the top of his fields lay explanation about this I absolutely suggest you listen to the Andrew Mccarthy podcast he does a great job of breaking down the issues in my veiw.
 ,I dislike extremism and think it's unfortunate that those with the most extreme views are the ones that the media hold up as whats typical on the right (Alex Jones Richard Spencer etc) but I think the left has a very distorted image of how popular these views are. I think the number of actual fascists and Nazi's in the US is far far lower than what many on the left assume
 ,The problem with the "far Right" is that too many are Leftist hybrids (National Socialists Fascists Libertarians).As a result they tend to favor symbolic victories and direct action over time-honored indirect solutions.
 ,I think "far right" is a concoction of the left to demonize normal conservatives and paint us in as hateful a light as possible.
 ,Could you explain what you mean by "far right"?
 ,ancaps or white nationalist?
 ,What do you mean by far right?
 ,I refer to people like that as "The left of the right". They're essentially our extremist wing. Equivalent to the people who claim that billionares should be arrested and Trump is a fascist dictator. I hate to bring out names but the people who I often refer to as far right are people like James Allsup Richard Spencer (obviously) I guess Alex Jones however I think if anything its more of a character then who he is Irl I guess Milo and a few others.People like them especially those who have a following online are often attracting those who saw the feminist rage compilations and said "This is all politics and anyone who disagrees is like this". Essentially the people who use the terms "Libtard" and "Snowflake". It's because of people like this that the media finds time to criticize us and claim the internet is turning people into extremists.
 ,Okay so i’ll chime in with some personal experience.I was never an “ethno-nationalist” or a fascist but I was very far right politically at one point when I was extrememly anxious and depressed and blamed all my sadness on others.I’m not saying that these people are all depressed but fundamentally those sorts of politics attract despair-like mindsets. I think many young people are frustrated in todays society and then take whatever side they align with to the extreme because it makes them feel like they’re saving the world instead of laying around feeling bad.I think far-right politics is dangerous and gross because like Marxism it reduces everything down to a good/bad binary where your enemies are clearly defined by what they are rather than who they are.Feminist? Enemy. Leftist? Enemy. Anyone not far right? Enemy.Far-right politics are reactionary and the end goal is tyranny. It feeds on dehumanization of other people. Even if Richard Spencer gets his way with his “ethnostate” there will always be a group to scapegoat.I’m still right-leaning pretty firmly but I try to keep an open mindset and have changed my views on alot of issues through conversation and research rather than edgy subs and 4chan.
 ,I am not a fan of extreme politics period. Far right far left it doesn't make a difference to me when it comes time to my being off put by them.With that said I would like to ask a follow up question. Do you mean far right in terms of nationalism/fascism or do you mean far right economically which would mean something like anarcho-capitalism?
 ,> What changed?The rising extremism of both major parties. They're shifting rather radically away from each other. [This gif shows how this has happened over the past 50 years.](https://gfycat.com/wellmadeshadowybergerpicard).> What do you think the problem is?I think this is a natural consequence of liberal Democracy. The idea is that Democracy protects against extremism since the majority of people are probably Centrists. However we're in the middle of a paradigm shift that is causing reactionary responses from both sides and thus breeding extremist ideas. The internet is a big contributing factor since it allows almost instantaneous communication from almost everywhere. So these groups are able to become better organized and have a louder voice with the internet.> How do we fix it?I have no idea honestly. I think the country will continue to divide the way it has. There's been talk about just going our separate ways since the country is just about divided in half over very different visions of society. And I think this is the case: the two parties just have very different visions of what they think our country should be.
 ,Depends.If people treat any sort of political conversation as "I am debating the entire leftist/conservative worldview" it will be unproductive.If you go into any sort of political discussion thinking that the best outcomes are to "win" by stumping the other party with some talking point or one-liner or if you think you are going to be able to dismantle their entire worldview in one conversation then it is not an actual debate/conversation.Listen to the other side.  What are they concerned about?  Will their proposed solution actually help?  Are solutions offered by your side better?
 ,debate all you want.  There will be no agreement.  Esentially we want different and sometimes opposite things. A secession/divorce will happen  eventually
 ,The term "liberal" originally meant someone who supported freedom but because that requires egalitarian assumptions it was absorbed into the larger egalitarian movement called Leftism.[Leftists are egalitarians conservatives preserve order.](https://www.reddit.com/r/askaconservative/wiki/conservative)
 ,Liberal is generally pro-progress and skeptical of tradition which of course contrasts the traditional preferences of conservatives.  However the term Leftist is used to emphasize the hardcore liberals who are firmly anti-tradition and happen to support policies like strong government control of one’s life and censoring of speech which are historically authoritative stances.  Basically most conservatives these days prefer tradition and less government involvement.  Most current liberals are skeptical but not entirely dismissive of tradition and prefer a moderate amount of government.  They’re just fairly moderate so I have no issues with that.  Leftists are anti-tradition in general and want strong government control which is noticeably different in practice than your average liberal view.Honestly it’s mostly a product of conservatives viewing themselves as classical liberals and wanting to retake the phrase “liberal” from the far left.  Leftist implies a more extreme left-wing stance and is analogous to alt-right if that makes sense.  Both groups are authoritative and extreme.  It’s a convenient way of identifying the people conservatives see as far-left nutcases and others as ordinary left-leaning moderates who we’re generally cool with.
 ,[removed]
 ,I don't like to use it I don't like grouping people but it's a way to describe people further left than Liberals in the political sphere. I'd classify myself as more Liberal than Conservative. Democrats have just gone so far left that Trump is starting to look closer to Liberal values than the Democrats are.
 ,It's an easy way to point to an extreme version of the democratic party while still differentiating between moderate Democrats and their progressive/regressive counterparts.
 ,It's the same concept behind liberals calling people "alt right". Alt right is a very small number of people on the conservative spectrum. I'm talking about actual white supremacists like Richard Spencer. Breitbart is not alt right and people who read it are not either. They are just a bit further to the right than the standard right winger. But..the left uses the term to lump all conservatives with the likes of Spencer and it basically ends any conversation before it begins cuz they are essentially calling you a racist.
 ,When you look to a more powerful central government to control people's lives and businesses and to enforce compliance with ideology you cease to be liberal and you move toward totalitarianism. When your totalitarianism also leans toward communist/socialist ideas like vast redistribution of wealth that puts you toward the "left" end of the political spectrum. Thus "leftist."
 ,[removed]
 ,I think the '-ist' postfix is derogatory. Like a believer of  Islam and the thinker of the Left is okay but an Islamist or leftist means they are extremists or dogmatists.
 ,Liberals are pro freedom and individual liberties leftists are pro big government(although they will tell you they dint like big government) pro censorship and care more for group identities than individualism. There are quite a few old school Democrat liberals that find them selves more at home with conservative/libertarian movements these day because leftists have moved the democratic party away from core liberal values and toward top down government control.
 ,This is something everyone in America gets wrong due to there only being two parties. Liberals are not leftists they just happen to be to the left of conservatives. Even the most intense liberals are seen as a problem by leftists for not being "